6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start like I mean well well well um you know you know well so brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do I mean like I mean well um uh okay uh um so we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from like um so I mean I mean uh you know like like like history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful you know um so okay like okay uh okay well uh female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in well well okay so you know like I mean uh well um Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the like I mean um um like you know uh you know you know like cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good um well um um I mean okay okay so like um form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts like so you know um um so um well um you know. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name like like um you know I mean well like like uh well is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is okay okay you know I mean uh uh like so like so golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have a uh you know you know like like okay so well okay so lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what I mean you know uh uh okay okay so uh so you know a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on like so you know so um like I mean like you know um all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, um you know um um well so you know okay so well so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year well uh okay um so um you know like okay well and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball um um okay I mean uh well so uh so well division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent so well um like uh um okay well um so company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were um uh like uh I mean well okay like so so really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two you know well well okay so like so like well um thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to okay uh uh so um you know um uh um um the podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our I mean I mean like you know I mean you know I mean I mean well you know last Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare you know well um so well I mean like well you know so. You're not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In uh you know I mean so um so okay like uh so a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting like so well so um I mean I mean um uh I mean down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back you know uh uh so okay so uh well well okay to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was so well so I mean like uh I mean well so uh only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open well like you know I mean okay I mean um um you know um or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with um well okay um uh uh I mean um I mean well a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports so I mean um so I mean you know um uh um okay events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen um uh okay like I mean like okay I mean okay you know free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals okay like I mean so so um I mean I mean well well of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon um okay okay uh um like uh I mean so so my snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and well you know uh well well okay uh well you know um for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting you know like you know you know well you know okay you know like so a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're uh so you know you know uh like I mean like I mean okay going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with um you know like um you know you know I mean I mean you know I mean pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode uh well you know like so uh so so you know okay is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a um I mean so so so so you know um like I mean call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're you know well um I mean okay okay uh uh um you know doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys you know you know you know you know well I mean you know uh so you know are swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or like I mean so uh um um um you know so so we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings so I mean I mean um well so uh um um I mean of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a um um well like uh okay well you know you know so chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging um uh you know um I mean well um so you know you know us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's okay well so uh you know well like okay I mean like get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before well I mean well so I mean um I mean you know so uh structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration I mean like I mean I mean uh like I mean um okay uh work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing so uh you know um you know well well okay okay okay for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a well okay so um um um like you know like well huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's like I mean uh so you know okay I mean I mean well uh like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet uh like so like so like like uh uh well. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many so so uh you know like you know well um well well good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start I mean you know like like um um you know like um uh your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like you know I mean well uh um uh um well okay so 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on I mean so like well I mean well um I mean okay like training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So like so you know uh you know so so so like you know as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies so um I mean so well I mean uh so uh I mean and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, you know I mean uh um like well you know uh um uh but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster okay you know well so I mean like I mean like like okay Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony um uh well okay like you know you know like like okay is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium I mean well okay like um so um um you know I mean at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying so I mean so well like uh like well okay well to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife on um um so like like so okay um uh like Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because I don't um so you know okay well okay so okay um you know have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in a glass um I mean I mean uh um well you know like uh so. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start this pod with water like uh uh uh okay so like uh like well dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just started. It's okay so okay I mean um well um uh well you know actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's a like okay uh I mean well uh I mean I mean so you know that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes you know you know I mean you know like uh okay okay um you know discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution well like okay you know okay okay so like so okay for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day for um you know well okay well so so so you know I mean fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt from the like like uh like you know um I mean I mean um well mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition for you know well well I mean you know um okay so you know well fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for you know so well uh okay uh you know okay uh okay a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river his I you know I mean well um like so I mean I mean so okay caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger than a um you know uh like well so okay um um you know fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode okay like um okay you know well like um so you know is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a so um like okay uh well so uh um okay huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going uh um so so uh uh okay I mean uh uh to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome so okay uh so uh I mean I mean you know well okay has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with so well okay okay you know uh like um I mean uh in Hollywood. We are going to give you some facts about this whole like you know well like okay so um uh um so situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if um well um so you know um like I mean you know like you have heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain you know like well I mean well okay well um uh uh real quick and let you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that like so so you know uh uh I mean well um like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends Jay and I mean um so so I mean uh uh um well uh Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that are um you know so I mean you know I mean okay um well you know to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where we um so okay um um okay okay okay you know um sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going from okay um well well I mean so I mean okay you know uh said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the ideas um okay um you know um like you know um so so. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years I mean okay well so uh I mean you know uh you know you know. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through okay um like okay well uh uh you know okay like and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in okay so well um okay um uh okay I mean you know that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just so um uh well uh uh like you know I mean um like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been I mean I mean like well so I mean like well like okay told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines uh uh I mean um uh uh you know like you know like underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful so so I mean I mean well like like um like I mean enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the other I mean well like well uh well you know like so well way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry, if you um um you know like I mean like uh well um okay want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next like so uh like I mean uh uh well I mean uh podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active so um like like so um um uh like so Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question uh you know like um okay um like um okay um mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed you know uh um like um so uh so um you know a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the I mean like like I mean I mean so so uh uh okay trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to okay I mean like well so uh okay so you know I mean do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug okay well okay okay I mean you know like like so so a podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life so okay like you know so um like I mean well so and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay like well you know uh um I mean so so you know um tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the uh uh I mean like like like well okay I mean okay end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every you know well well um I mean okay like I mean like you know week. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back like like like um you know so you know uh well um. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your well okay okay um okay okay well I mean um uh friends your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them so like I mean okay you know um um uh well so and I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So well I mean I mean I mean I mean well so okay well um let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know well so like um uh so like so uh uh podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about you know like um well uh so so you know you know um giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace okay well okay uh you know so well I mean you know like. I think I think that it's it's where we find peace when we okay um you know well I mean like okay um uh like accept that. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to so okay so okay like uh um I mean well like know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, okay well um okay well uh so you know like uh they may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet uh um like okay like so I mean I mean well so of their life that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention so well well so so well I mean uh um you know to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast like um okay I mean well well you know so so so. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that allows I mean you know like uh okay you know you know um well so you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea uh so okay I mean uh like okay um um okay. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything well um uh okay I mean uh uh well uh well you need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast well you know uh I mean I mean uh I mean you know so you know right from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over like okay like um so well so okay um I mean to Anchor FM to get started. In this episode we look at very simple okay I mean uh well so like okay like uh like things. You can do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life uh I mean you know I mean I mean like well uh you know I mean get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with so you know uh I mean you know I mean I mean um well well only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on you know I mean uh you know um like like I mean I mean like your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject well uh you know like so I mean you know like okay uh for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since um okay well okay you know well uh uh you know so 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today so I mean I mean uh you know you know so well well I mean I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have like I mean okay uh um you know you know okay like uh floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send well you know so okay like um you know like you know so him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank like um I mean well uh I mean I mean um uh well you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of um I mean so well like uh I mean I mean um I mean this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see like so um you know you know uh so so um you know Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things like uh uh okay like you know um so okay um you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian okay like you know like okay um so like so okay. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device so okay okay I mean so I mean I mean okay so well is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can okay like okay okay like uh I mean so you know I mean record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel well uh uh well uh um I mean I mean um okay far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it at home like well okay well well okay like I mean well uh and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads all the so uh like like well um well well you know okay platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a podcast I mean okay like uh uh you know okay well like well in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time I mean like you know okay okay well okay you know you know so for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of um I mean so you know I mean well okay well uh like your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where okay okay so I mean I mean uh um okay okay you know we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two like uh well um uh um you know well uh well heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind um um um okay okay okay okay well like I mean and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago well okay I mean well you know so um uh okay well. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was I mean I mean well um okay well well um um uh dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure okay you know like so okay well so like um uh out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we you know uh well so um um like well I mean so need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes I mean um uh well so well uh okay okay like that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we we um like I mean um like um um so um well can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's part of you know so um so so like like um so I mean it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, well well I mean I mean um um well okay um well same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the the um you know I mean like okay uh I mean okay okay so it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of you know I mean uh you know so I mean um well well uh March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video I mean uh uh I mean so well like okay so you know games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites you know um uh like um well well uh okay so all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. I'm I mean like like I mean um I mean so well so so Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy but what my you know well I mean um I mean um well um you know well one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the house well um okay uh you know uh well uh um I mean. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you know like uh I mean um uh you know I mean you know okay you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again okay I mean well I mean okay I mean well well uh uh for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the fateful I mean um you know um um okay okay like um um day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he so um so uh um well like so I mean so rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain you know like you know uh like um uh so okay so spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a I mean like okay uh okay so you know well um well prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have an evil like I mean you know so well I mean uh so well you know son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood will okay like uh um uh so um like you know I mean flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured by um well um so um like uh uh you know I mean Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his sin had like well so so um um uh so I mean like already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank like you know well so like so um I mean I mean I mean you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope okay like uh you know um like like I mean well like you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our you know you know so um like um like I mean uh um podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to well okay okay like well okay so I mean well so grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get okay like well like uh well okay uh uh um you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this well you know I mean um um okay so you know okay I mean. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case so so so um uh uh okay so um okay dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us like um uh I mean well so you know well um um past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now I mean okay so so so well uh okay so okay also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on um um like um well well you know like uh so. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth you know um I mean I mean you know um so so so like everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast you know uh okay so like um you know um um well as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the like okay okay okay uh so um I mean okay I mean easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free well uh um well uh well um uh I mean like their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your okay well okay like okay so you know you know um so phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor uh okay so so I mean well um like you know like so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any uh uh you know so okay uh um you know I mean um other streaming service you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast you know uh you know I mean so I mean okay okay you know well with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast well um okay you know I mean uh okay uh like okay. In one place just on their app. So guys go download the free anchor um like well um well well like okay so okay app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? so like so um well so you know um you know okay Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to be so like uh like so uh well you know well well back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a good time. We first I mean uh you know uh I mean well like like I mean you know off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today um like okay like okay uh uh okay well like. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded I mean uh like like I mean um like so you know you know London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to so you know okay okay okay like you know uh like I mean win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the like okay you know like okay you know like like okay I mean Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, you know like well okay like okay well okay I mean like well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's so so like okay uh I mean okay you know I mean so a whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening uh I mean uh like I mean well uh you know well so to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, like um uh uh uh like you know like I mean you know I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games I mean so like so well like well like so um this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well you know you know um so okay uh uh uh so uh. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick so you know okay uh you know okay uh so uh I mean minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, like so so you know uh uh so I mean so so it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain you know okay well you know you know you know um okay well you know it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean like you know okay so okay okay like well so from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it you know well uh like um I mean um okay okay uh can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also uh I mean uh I mean so like um I mean so you know make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's um so well so like I mean I mean um like so everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor so okay okay um uh you know okay so you know like app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to I mean like uh okay so well like you know uh uh the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all well okay you know so well um um I mean like um of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium like so I mean uh okay okay uh um okay so account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you well like okay like um like um well like like can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes well okay so um like you know um um I mean well to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with like I mean you know you know um uh I mean well so like your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to well well um uh so well okay um well like download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in okay like so um so you know you know I mean like well the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode like well so okay I mean uh you know um so well of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage I mean well I mean well um I mean like uh uh well drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of Roman I mean well like you know uh uh like I mean well okay Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find well you know so I mean so okay you know well I mean um your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get cornered well um okay uh I mean okay like okay um well into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this opportunity you know you know well like so like I mean so uh uh to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have theories. I I mean okay uh so so well like okay I mean I mean have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay here um I mean like so you know um um you know so okay. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's become evident you know so so you know um well I mean you know well uh that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are um um so like you know I mean uh I mean um okay my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to uh well I mean okay you know so um you know um well today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity uh uh um well uh well like I mean you know like today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I am um you know I mean like you know well well you know I mean like ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has just been uh so um you know so uh okay well so um arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me at all so okay okay you know um like okay I mean well like then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she was guilty uh like so uh I mean I mean um okay uh I mean get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it. We um okay so okay you know you know uh so so so have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to justice for what she so okay uh well I mean um I mean I mean okay um has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do okay well like okay so so so so well I mean with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of okay um you know um well well okay so uh you know complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we you know you know like um um okay okay uh you know so went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which um uh so well um uh well I mean um okay is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools like um so okay like okay uh so like I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone um okay you know so okay um okay you know I mean well or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be um uh I mean so um okay well I mean I mean uh heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from well you know like well okay you know I mean okay uh so your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a like uh um like well like like uh okay um month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think okay I mean so well I mean like okay uh like you know it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast uh um um well um so uh um well um and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need so um I mean I mean okay well so so I mean you know to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go okay like like well so um um well so so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the I mean so so I mean so okay uh uh um you know one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the like so um well okay um okay uh okay um 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were like well um you know well um so okay uh like talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast so um uh okay okay so like so okay um on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally uh like uh uh okay I mean so okay uh like have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me okay uh well um I mean uh you know um well um the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've okay uh like okay I mean okay okay okay well so like I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back like I mean um well well so so uh like you know. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, so you know so um um so so you know you know you know and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my like uh I mean uh you know well like like um uh counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I mean uh uh you know okay um so well um I mean I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I uh uh well you know okay you know I mean well I mean okay may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends uh um um well okay um you know you know okay uh. I don't know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did okay so well I mean like so so so so um a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine you know um like uh okay you know well I mean um well of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we um well you know well like like well so like I mean are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well okay well like um I mean well well okay you know you know research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work okay so uh so like uh okay well okay you know and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and like so I mean okay um I mean like okay I mean you know everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves because you know so you know like uh okay you know like um like Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and we like so uh you know so uh you know okay like uh pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So uh um like uh like okay you know you know uh I mean we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are um uh you know I mean uh um okay well so like what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry you know okay um uh uh you know like I mean so well last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing uh like okay um like you know well uh you know um experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go so you know you know I mean okay I mean you know uh so so first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all okay so uh okay I mean um uh so I mean well might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known you know like you know you know um uh um like I mean you know as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through um like you know like you know well you know um uh so Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will so I mean uh okay okay uh okay well um so we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is you know well so uh like okay uh uh uh so the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how well like um like um you know well you know okay uh long were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on so um um um uh you know well I mean okay like the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual uh um so uh um okay uh uh like like. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I just I mean okay um I mean okay you know I mean so like okay looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know so so like um you know like well uh so uh what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- you know so well um I mean uh you know I mean like you know L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season I mean I mean you know you know um uh um uh so well 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden like so so you know okay you know well well like so the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is uh okay I mean like so uh like like so you know your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready like I mean so well so well I mean you know uh so to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're um okay you know um I mean like well well I mean I mean about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in you know you know like well okay you know uh I mean you know okay time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, okay like well like uh I mean uh so like okay and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason like um uh uh okay I mean um you know I mean like game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's I mean you know you know uh uh uh I mean so you know okay like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I well I mean I mean I mean uh okay I mean I mean uh like was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are um um like so I mean uh well you know uh like good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys uh well like well uh um so like so so a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite um um okay well uh um so well uh you know artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has uh uh well um you know well like like uh you know a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to you know well you know so uh okay I mean well you know I mean right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an I mean I mean so I mean I mean well uh you know like so episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And um I mean I mean uh I mean I mean so like so you know if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline uh I mean okay okay you know uh so so you know uh no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download uh so uh like you know you know well you know you know um the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the okay like well I mean you know um um you know um I mean your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an you know um um like like okay well well well uh episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is so you know okay uh I mean okay like so you know so optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast with so uh um um well so you know well like uh your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode so okay uh okay well um like you know I mean like we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the you know um um you know uh so well you know uh okay order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle as uh uh I mean like um okay like well so you know quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not so uh so I mean so well you know okay I mean you know a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into the podcast and then well you know um so I mean so okay like like you know I realized that we have a little bit of a new setup you know um uh like you know well uh I mean you know so here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the set well so uh I mean like well uh you know um uh up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll say okay so uh so okay so um uh uh um this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all uh like like so so you know I mean so um you know you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got you know well well so okay you know uh well okay you know. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the I mean um you know uh uh um like like uh well people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes you know like well so so I mean I mean uh I mean uh on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year uh so okay well uh okay you know so like like old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures so you know I mean so like okay I mean uh so so. He would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later so okay okay so okay like so uh I mean uh. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature like so okay I mean uh so I mean I mean uh uh of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under uh well um I mean uh okay you know like I mean like 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who um so okay okay you know like you know you know um well was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's well like you know well so you know well I mean I mean like I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live so I mean like uh um you know um like so so training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the like like you know well I mean um uh uh I mean okay power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places so I mean okay you know like um like um um like at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is I mean like like you know I mean uh like uh okay okay this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, um so like well okay you know okay so so you know I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've um uh you know um you know uh okay like so okay been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review um so like I mean uh um uh okay like like on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into so okay okay okay okay um um you know I mean well a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been so uh um I mean I mean well I mean well so you know scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine uh uh I mean you know um okay I mean I mean so okay spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am well you know like so like so I mean I mean uh I mean your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light you know you know you know you know okay you know like uh so so and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share so okay so uh uh well you know okay I mean okay stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So I mean you know I mean you know so uh I mean um well like come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy um I mean you know uh um I mean well like okay okay emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am okay um okay I mean you know I mean like so okay okay back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but I so okay um like like I mean I mean you know I mean so went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement uh okay I mean well uh you know okay okay I mean so on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt okay I mean like like okay so well uh okay you know. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic like well I mean like um uh I mean I mean well so cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put okay okay um uh well okay so so you know you know the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too well like you know um okay uh uh I mean uh well fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a you know uh uh okay like well okay like you know well rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on I mean so okay so so okay so um uh like make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I like well I mean I mean well well I mean so uh so don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my um well I mean um well like I mean like okay uh underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes uh um I mean well okay um well uh I mean um. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick okay I mean so um uh you know okay okay well so me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did um uh you know well okay I mean well um uh I mean we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you uh um okay like okay so so uh um uh create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in uh okay I mean okay so I mean so you know you know you know this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort you know um you know so um so I mean well okay uh done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you I mean you know okay you know um uh I mean like so like see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and so you know I mean uh okay um okay so um well I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my uh like so like so I mean I mean I mean like well best tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about um um like you know well you know uh I mean so okay diversity in the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand well um uh like uh uh I mean like uh uh tall. Today I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling and okay like um well uh okay you know uh so so made it my Korean Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being okay so um okay I mean uh you know well like I mean here and listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I you know I mean you know so uh okay well like you know like had been thinking about doing a podcast for over a year now and kept okay um I mean okay like okay okay okay so so pushing it off, but I just had to do it Korean situation right now so uh um like well you know well you know like okay is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if I mean well so uh uh I mean like um like well you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make uh um um um like well you know so uh I mean all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know so so um um uh um I mean well okay me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing so you know uh well I mean well okay uh well um you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so um um um like you know okay I mean so okay you know that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone like well okay I mean like I mean okay so okay I mean or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that um okay so like well um you know like okay okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it well okay okay okay uh I mean like so you know uh you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership uh okay like okay okay so well so uh well. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you know I mean uh uh I mean like I mean I mean uh well you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor um okay okay like like like I mean I mean I mean you know app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode you know well okay okay okay uh well uh um I mean guys shit out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's so so like um um uh you know I mean okay you know fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within I mean uh um you know okay you know I mean you know like well a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with so so uh uh you know you know so so um so some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son I mean well you know okay you know I mean you know so well like. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a well you know I mean so um um well I mean like you know stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my um um um you know okay you know like okay uh I mean uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back like so I mean you know um so uh you know I mean okay to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have uh well I mean like uh like okay well you know um had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of uh I mean well well uh you know so you know so so solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to like you know well I mean like so like so like so hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous you know well I mean uh well so uh um I mean um Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous you know uh um okay well uh so okay so you know faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is okay I mean so uh I mean I mean you know uh well you know it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not well so um well um you know well I mean like like certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not so so okay you know well like so like uh uh chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about you know um like I mean uh you know like um I mean I mean my son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for like I mean okay well like so I mean okay I mean I mean three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being like like uh I mean um like um I mean okay well six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, like you know well I mean I mean like I mean so um I mean I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy you know uh you know so so you know I mean um you know like best low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran you know so you know like uh so um I mean okay like deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life uh I mean well so so uh um like you know okay previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin you know so um I mean okay like um like well I mean Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just some boring guy I mean so uh okay I mean so okay um like you know Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would like so uh I mean well you know so you know um uh take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you so well uh well okay okay well uh like so to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode uh I mean I mean you know um like I mean you know so you know of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay okay well I mean um uh you know I mean um okay um. So today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to uh like like so you know like so you know uh uh be joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the I mean I mean well uh okay like um um well so senior at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have well uh okay okay okay so like you know I mean I mean you ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, I mean like well okay I mean you know well like I mean well what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard you know uh I mean okay uh uh like you know I mean like about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to okay you know so okay so well like okay like you know explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a like okay okay well like I mean well so so I mean creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay well like okay okay well okay like so I mean or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we like well I mean like I mean uh okay I mean uh like do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean well I mean um um I mean okay like like uh it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and okay so um okay um um uh okay um like you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you know okay um uh well well okay I mean well so need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download uh okay um well well you know uh um so I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh so uh okay so I mean so um you know I mean get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to so um like okay like I mean okay okay okay so tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, um so uh well um uh I mean so uh well but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts okay so um so uh well okay well um um another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's well so okay you know well like uh um um so not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To okay okay I mean well um so well um well um another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time so you know okay uh um uh like so um well. You complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All uh okay okay okay well like well I mean you know uh right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you okay you know so okay um I mean you know um well uh how it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did okay um like okay well so okay like uh so the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out okay well okay like uh I mean I mean well so like here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait like uh well uh um so okay so uh you know to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was well um uh like I mean I mean you know uh um uh like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of I mean like you know like you know uh um uh you know so those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going so well like I mean I mean okay um you know uh uh to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm so well so so I mean I mean uh uh uh you know like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to okay you know well you know well I mean um so so uh talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's I mean well so you know um like um um I mean you know not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 you know um well uh um so uh uh you know um greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me um well so okay um like like okay um I mean is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify well okay um I mean I mean well well uh like uh on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one okay so um so um well um like well so place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is so you know so um you know uh like well well I mean great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit like I mean uh um uh um um well so uh these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you I mean uh okay okay so well okay uh so well never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your like okay um like like you know so so well uh friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever uh so like you know uh like like okay uh you know and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded uh um you know um so um uh uh uh so already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already you know you know uh well um okay well okay uh you know download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse I mean I mean you know you know well well you know so you know well podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us I mean so uh like you know well I mean um well so on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, so I mean well uh I mean so so I mean uh well let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice you know I mean okay well okay I mean um you know like um the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out mainly uh um um you know so well I mean uh okay okay about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of so well well you know uh so I mean uh like I mean thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real um so like um uh well well like you know I mean nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators okay well um you know well so I mean like I mean like and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's like you know um um like okay you know I mean okay uh the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and I mean um well okay like okay um well uh well everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free well so you know uh like so I mean I mean well well things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay like you know um well um like like you know you know your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast uh okay uh like you know you know like like okay so for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms like um you know well um uh so you know you know so so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own well um like um okay so so you know um um podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one you know okay you know so you know like okay okay you know so place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F um so I mean so so um uh you know okay so m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the well well okay so well like uh like you know you know podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey you know well so so like um like so I mean I mean towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't okay you know like uh so so um I mean okay like forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, like like you know I mean okay so I mean uh like like welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the so so you know you know so like okay um well you know C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 I mean I mean you know you know like like uh like I mean um Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting you know well so um so I mean um like so so as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You I mean so um like um well um I mean I mean so come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and you so I mean so uh okay you know I mean so uh um fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my well well uh um uh um uh well you know um breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of uh uh uh well well you know well I mean uh um Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than um you know like like um uh okay like I mean um the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really well like um I mean okay you know like well uh I mean appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible so well so you know okay you know I mean okay uh well in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is so well you know I mean uh so I mean so uh well something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to um uh I mean uh okay okay I mean you know so uh talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite well okay um um well so uh um okay so unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, I mean well well so you know so um well um uh which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John uh like so like well you know okay so so okay and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone you know like like I mean uh so um I mean uh like. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today okay you know you know you know well like well you know so so as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You like um you know like well okay I mean you know okay um just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I you know well I mean um like like well uh so okay knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump okay like like like uh um um okay um so into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation so like uh uh so you know so you know you know like where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain so so uh I mean I mean well like I mean um well they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week uh okay you know so uh like uh uh okay I mean. We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding so so um uh like like I mean I mean okay okay World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really uh like um well well so I mean okay uh uh excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about um you know like I mean so like uh okay okay okay the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of well um well you know uh like okay I mean you know well Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders uh um okay okay okay so I mean well well you know is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free um uh okay like um so okay um well I mean to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to so well well um okay you know you know I mean um I mean join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra um uh um well I mean so so I mean like uh guy in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't so you know like okay so well I mean like I mean well know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by so um you know uh um so um you know you know so the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a like well um okay I mean um you know so uh like podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have reached so like so I mean uh okay well you know okay I mean out to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast started or well so like okay I mean so like uh okay you know distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It's okay so uh I mean uh I mean um well um uh free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your so like I mean uh I mean um okay like so like phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you uh uh uh you know uh I mean um you know like um to those of you that have been doing that by the way, keep them come well well you know uh I mean uh uh okay um you know and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and um okay you know you know uh well like well well uh can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels um you know you know um okay so uh okay okay you know that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard okay uh you know you know I mean so well I mean I mean like of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and okay well um uh I mean I mean well uh well like you're listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right um like I mean well so okay uh like uh okay. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink so okay you know so like um okay well well you know it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm uh so um so like you know okay you know I mean well Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar like well uh you know like I mean you know I mean so uh. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm well well uh so okay um well um uh I mean Carlos and I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass so well um like so uh okay well you know well. All right, let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with um like I mean uh okay I mean like so well okay multi people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure well uh so okay uh um okay I mean okay like right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and you know uh okay like like so I mean I mean okay uh a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes into okay I mean like well uh so I mean well you know like a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It was um I mean um um well um okay I mean well I mean really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew I mean so you know well okay um I mean I mean okay you know up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with so um like you know well so well okay uh I mean me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks uh okay you know well um um well I mean well so this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that like um well um I mean like um like like like albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a so you know um so you know like so so well so lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to uh um I mean so well okay well uh you know so traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the I mean you know okay you know I mean so I mean um like um morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the um um you know well like like well so like I mean baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the like so um uh okay you know I mean well like well basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and I mean so I mean so okay so like I mean um um then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball I mean well you know okay okay I mean well I mean well like game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay so I mean okay uh okay uh um well so you know or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views like uh so you know uh I mean I mean okay so like and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 okay so um well I mean like I mean okay well um episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is um so um uh uh okay you know you know you know well actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which okay okay like um well um so uh uh like is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, so like okay like you know uh I mean okay okay so Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 like so uh um I mean you know like I mean okay I mean something years of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue so I mean well so I mean so like so um you know on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really so well well like um you know like like like I mean cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast okay okay well like I mean I mean I mean um well okay Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited I mean well you know I mean um you know like um well you know and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that so okay I mean like okay okay so okay uh um our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to I mean well okay I mean okay um uh I mean well um welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today okay uh well uh I mean so um I mean so I mean. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone um like well like like um like okay okay so in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California um like you know well uh so I mean uh like like coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before you know okay well like I mean okay I mean so okay okay. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about well uh well um well uh well um so okay starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest well um you know you know like okay so well so well way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free I mean well so I mean so um I mean you know uh so. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to so well okay I mean well uh well like uh you know record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just that easy anchor will well well like well well you know okay you know like uh distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast uh like well so I mean I mean uh uh I mean well and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks well so well okay so well like you know uh so to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you don't have to so you know I mean uh like uh uh well um uh have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to make a podcast in one uh like well so um so you know like you know uh place. So what do you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor uh like um okay like uh you know um you know um dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a okay so well like so so like uh uh like couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did you know um like I mean you know like uh you know so uh notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise that I mean you know okay you know I mean so I mean I mean well like it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only right um well so like so okay I mean like you know like to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so well like I mean so uh uh you know like I mean I mean M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am also fine. Okay, I mean um um uh well like okay you know well well so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I think so I mean so I mean you know uh um uh like I mean um. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited to be like like I mean okay well well so you know like like joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer so um okay you know uh like um like okay like and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's um uh I mean uh you know I mean okay um well you know they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as well. It okay so like you know so um so you know I mean uh is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized after well uh so uh you know okay I mean um I mean um seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my um um uh like um well so like um so eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it um well like okay well uh um I mean well uh was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the I mean okay okay well okay um so you know so so table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I also like okay um you know um uh okay okay you know I mean realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't so um um um um um so well uh I mean do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing okay so so um well uh well you know so okay I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They so well you know um you know I mean well well so I mean got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is uh so like okay like you know uh so okay uh Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode so I mean so you know uh uh um so okay like and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, like I mean like uh well um well you know okay okay I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm you know well um so well you know you know I mean you know you know trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film like like well um uh you know I mean okay um you know and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put well okay okay I mean so well uh well I mean uh it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past so okay like well well uh okay uh like well I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan like you know so well you know um okay like you know you know of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards uh well um so so uh um you know like uh the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with like uh I mean like like okay uh like well uh the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I mean um um I mean uh you know so uh you know I mean I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have I mean like I mean okay you know um you know okay um you know to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, right? I okay okay like um okay you know well well uh well am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead like uh well uh like like you know I mean like well. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh you know well like um you know like uh you know I mean okay and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise known like uh well so you know well uh so so I mean as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's your so okay okay okay uh so okay well okay well name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino well uh okay okay uh well uh okay like um tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call me you know okay I mean um so like well well like um. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it I mean well I mean I mean well you know so so um well. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and a pause in you know okay okay like well so you know well you know so between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they surged about. It well I mean uh okay um uh uh okay I mean like wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there okay okay like uh like like like okay okay um you go you are without electricity today. So we're going to try to make this um uh you know um you know you know okay well okay uh a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over there. So like um okay so okay well so uh um okay I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I uh uh um um um like well I mean I mean okay think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad um I mean uh well okay so uh okay so you know reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond I mean okay so okay um well okay I mean okay I mean industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of okay uh like uh well I mean um so I mean um them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these I mean so okay okay I mean so I mean uh okay like facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few okay you know you know I mean well okay like I mean okay like common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one um so okay like you know you know uh uh like uh myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump you know um I mean so um you know okay I mean okay um from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor well so well like okay okay uh okay well you know Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did 25 um okay you know okay you know um so well I mean like years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet like like you know um you know um I mean you know okay I mean sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of okay you know so like like okay well uh um uh seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've so like uh well um you know I mean you know okay okay created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the so uh so uh uh okay like um I mean like community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along okay um okay well um well like um so okay the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you I mean um um well so so so you know I mean like enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with you know like okay um uh so um like like okay being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all about so I mean like um so um you know like you know okay indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going like uh well um so so like um I mean like to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with like I mean well uh um I mean well um well uh the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for you know I mean uh like uh well so you know um you know another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I um you know okay like okay uh um okay you know okay want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English I mean so okay so well uh like you know I mean okay teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, so um like like um so like I mean uh like and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it uh well I mean okay so well okay okay okay you know those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast um you know um um you know so well well I mean okay. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very uh well well you know like uh so so uh okay distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo like um well so you know so um you know uh I mean the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova um so like uh okay you know you know like okay okay attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked you know so okay okay so um well you know okay so up. Ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then uh so you know well so um I mean well you know uh it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, uh well okay I mean like so you know I mean okay okay March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels so so um okay um uh you know so uh you know like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring okay well I mean I mean so uh so like I mean um break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So if well so like okay so like I mean I mean so you know you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical group, well like okay I mean you know so um like okay like but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell them to you know I mean I mean um I mean um so well so so contact me so I can send them the link. This is important information that I you know um so I mean like like uh well okay okay want all of you to have. It's going to be even more important um you know you know okay um you know um okay well okay than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with uh okay I mean okay um so well well uh like the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the habit you know okay uh okay so I mean I mean uh well so of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have like uh okay I mean you know um so like you know I mean a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and okay so like you know well okay uh um I mean uh then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2 like you know well you know you know you know I mean okay I mean okay. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really uh okay um you know okay you know well okay uh well really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really uh okay okay uh well like okay uh um um enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast well like uh like like okay okay uh well well and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to chat um you know uh uh I mean uh okay um so so to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of you know okay so like so you know um okay okay uh Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember people okay okay I mean you know well you know okay like you know well have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring you know so um you know like you know I mean well like okay in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder like uh okay okay okay uh uh so well uh and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your like okay so well you know okay well you know okay like host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the so you know uh I mean um well I mean uh um I mean Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and so so um like well um well uh like um medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them like so so so so okay so like like I mean. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've like uh um so so uh well you know um so got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland like uh well well um well I mean uh um well. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the well um uh uh uh uh okay like I mean I mean athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from um so I mean I mean so well um well like um from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the quality well like well so okay okay you know well so uh of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I well um so uh well um you know so you know I mean wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this um I mean you know uh well like uh okay okay so new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward okay um so well well uh you know so well uh as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was well well well you know I mean I mean you know so like you know formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly so like you know you know you know you know um uh uh you know. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the well well so uh like um okay like uh um amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce like you know well okay you know uh like um I mean um that no additional changes have been made to our budget up uh um you know like well um like okay so uh to this point. This is a positive step for the department and helps us better plan like well um um so you know um so like I mean and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work like um well well okay you know you know so okay uh on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've you know well um um um uh okay um um I mean selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them well you know you know okay well I mean so you know so like with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a uh you know well well uh like so like I mean like wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but like uh well I mean well well uh I mean uh okay we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not so you know I mean you know like um well I mean so well to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night um uh like I mean uh uh uh um okay uh. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone like you know okay I mean I mean like um okay you know so. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known like I mean uh um you know okay like so so uh to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the so I mean so like well okay like um um okay global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble uh well you know okay okay um well you know you know um is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the I mean uh like well okay like you know I mean well well Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you I mean um like uh like I mean okay so um you know back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled like um I mean I mean well uh well so well okay to be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and like um I mean uh I mean uh uh I mean you know um I took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake uh well so um uh you know so so well I mean of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man well uh well uh so well um I mean uh I mean himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since so so you know you know so uh so I mean so so then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of I mean you know I mean you know um well I mean so I mean so my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back in October of well well uh well um um you know so like you know 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good uh I mean uh I mean well um like well like okay better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and like well like um like uh okay um um I mean place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of okay you know uh I mean so uh you know uh you know so Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just you know I mean um okay um um you know I mean um like change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as okay so okay like so okay so I mean like I mean far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck well you know well so I mean you know well well well um ran out of the money song that that one money song that we've okay um um uh um well like like well so been using boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV well I mean uh um I mean okay like like like uh talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have so like you know uh you know so um I mean like um Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and like I mean okay um so so so so okay like Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And uh I mean okay you know so um okay like well well as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we actually so you know like you know you know uh well you know you know like didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly okay like I mean like uh uh so well I mean I mean slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show. Yes uh I mean well um um you know um well so I mean. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded um so okay well like okay um okay okay okay it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning in so so I mean uh um okay like okay uh um and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video well you know okay uh well I mean you know you know I mean I mean and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on like uh well um uh you know so so you know you know the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card like um I mean okay uh uh uh okay I mean um market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is uh okay uh um like you know um uh well so right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base prism PSA I mean you know okay like I mean uh I mean so well like tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television so okay I mean you know I mean um okay like well like and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on uh well you know like like well okay okay so uh their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day so you know uh you know so like well so uh um or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers uh uh well well you know well you know uh you know okay producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On um well well well well so I mean you know well I mean the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not okay well so well okay uh so I mean uh you know necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind well uh you know I mean well um okay you know I mean you know the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time I mean you know so like you know like I mean so okay well to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop for um um so I mean you know well um okay okay like everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming okay well okay I mean okay you know well so like I mean out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr well so uh so okay you know um you know okay well. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that was uh I mean so well so I mean well um okay uh very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth attempt and uh okay um uh like um well um okay you know the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome uh well well uh I mean so I mean um um I mean to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this is a uh you know well uh you know you know like uh you know um this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it has uh so uh well you know I mean so uh you know like to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man okay okay uh uh uh well so so I mean like he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way I mean I mean uh you know well you know like I mean uh uh to make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you so okay well okay um um uh like uh like get anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to you know you know you know so um like well like so you know record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient well okay um like um um okay I mean uh like anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify you know well uh uh like well uh uh you know um Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no so well well well uh uh like I mean okay uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free uh I mean like okay like so um like okay I mean anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again well well um uh okay I mean I mean um you know I mean that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the well so you know okay uh okay I mean so you know um boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you well uh like you know so so okay like like well week three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And like I mean so so like um like uh I mean so this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning you know like you know you know well like well so you know um of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something uh uh like you know okay well well like I mean you know days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following week uh uh you know you know like I mean so um so uh. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them March so so so uh uh uh you know um um so Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out to all well uh I mean um I mean like I mean you know uh uh the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener uh well so you know well like okay uh you know well discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister I mean like um well um um like you know okay um Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking um um okay you know well okay well like um okay him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door uh you know like well well um like so uh um flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street okay you know okay so you know you know um so so well. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his captors didn't reply okay like like uh um so uh well um like. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the car you know well so so well um I mean um well like Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the uh you know so like okay uh well so so so body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, okay like I mean well like like you know um well you know we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like uh I mean I mean I mean you know um um um well so a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop the I mean uh okay uh so so uh so um you know spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about today today is like you know um uh uh uh like okay like well a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not like okay I mean like um like uh I mean uh I mean racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen you know like uh I mean you know um okay okay like you know. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going you know okay um I mean so okay like okay like you know to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you I mean um I mean um um uh I mean so um I mean Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each um you know you know you know okay uh so so okay you know Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if uh okay uh uh well like um so uh I mean you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have uh you know like like you know you know well well you know like noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already like so uh I mean so so so well I mean um had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had you know you know so so uh um you know like like okay Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue okay um I mean um like okay so I mean okay um that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and uh um like so well um okay I mean okay so she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a um um okay well like like um so so I mean gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for okay I mean so like uh well okay you know uh um joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving okay I mean so I mean like I mean I mean like so okay wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent you know okay so um uh like you know uh okay uh hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind so um like uh uh like well I mean like uh of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric I mean you know well you know you know I mean uh uh well um elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur well uh okay you know uh okay um you know so uh in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be so you know okay well okay okay um like I mean like associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment well so well so I mean well uh well you know uh treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an well well you know um like so so uh um well serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, um well I mean like um I mean so I mean so like make up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female um you know you know like like uh like like uh like ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds well okay like I mean like well uh okay so you know. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old the well like uh uh so uh well okay like I mean mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched so you know well well okay like um well like so hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today okay like so uh you know well you know like you know well we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce you know so uh well so like so uh I mean you know myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine you know uh okay like you know like okay I mean like okay physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients a day and you know um like you know well you know so like uh like the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a census. It's um okay okay okay like you know well um um okay been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally like uh like uh you know like so uh um like my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest who you know so um um you know I mean you know I mean um well is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest well like well um like like like okay so well way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and it's um well um uh well like well well um you know awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your you know okay uh um well okay okay I mean like uh podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So uh you know you know okay so like like so well well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can make uh like um like I mean like you know well I mean uh money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that you need like like okay you know okay like uh uh like I mean to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to you know well so uh I mean okay so like um so Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee uh okay okay like you know I mean I mean like I mean I mean. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for so well okay uh you know uh so so you know well this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients like uh uh so well I mean I mean well I mean well and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is like like you know okay well uh so uh I mean you know something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite uh well I mean like okay um so okay I mean uh platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are well you know well so uh um you know you know so um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like like okay okay um um you know okay like you know. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my so so like like so I mean um okay you know you know phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes you know you know uh so like um um you know you know well the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this you know uh uh so um so so like so you know point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of like so uh you know uh so okay you know uh you know challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with like you know well so um um uh uh so I mean enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as uh well you know okay you know um you know you know you know okay I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met like okay so uh um I mean like you know um uh the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you okay you know you know okay so um um okay um well know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind like so uh I mean um uh um uh um you know of host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the um you know so so I mean um well so like you know lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is you know okay like you know you know well I mean I mean uh uh a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted like you know um I mean you know I mean I mean um so so to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways uh I mean okay uh so so like I mean you know I mean to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly okay you know okay I mean um you know like okay so so. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think well okay like uh I mean like well well so uh that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to you know uh um so um so um um I mean okay introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I like uh like you know well well okay well I mean you know am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom like you know uh well okay I mean I mean so um okay and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and days so well uh so well I mean well okay okay I mean. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass Portobellos across so like um uh well uh like okay well um the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his right okay well like uh uh like like okay um uh is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? There? um well you know you know uh um okay so like um It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear him. I don't I mean um you know I mean I mean well I mean well okay uh know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a well okay you know you know okay okay so so like um very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl uh okay so um okay well um so so so my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, well uh I mean uh I mean uh uh um I mean like what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, so well like I mean you know so like uh okay you know what do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? like you know okay um uh you know like well I mean well Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the so you know so you know I mean okay I mean so so like words. But um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy so so okay so like well okay well okay uh therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes um you know I mean well so um well so well um. That's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont I mean you know so well you know okay so so okay like limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process like uh uh well okay um so like I mean uh of making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing like okay well okay um I mean so well you know so hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to you know so um um so well like like well I mean talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat you know I mean so so um well like you know um well. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back okay like so you know uh um so uh okay okay. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we you know like so well um uh well so um you know were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic so well uh like like uh so so so I mean relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think like so well okay you know like so so you know okay you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the um well uh okay um like so you know like so Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not you know so you know you know so I mean uh well you know like falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but you know so like well uh so like you know I mean okay by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine well well I mean well you know I mean um you know you know like. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked um I mean so like like uh uh okay you know well me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on um well uh so well you know I mean um you know you know the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 you know um well so okay well so like I mean okay people perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change you know well like you know uh well um like you know well the way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the us I mean okay well you know you know um so like okay I mean. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify like you know um uh so like um like um okay. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is I mean you know uh like um I mean uh uh so so advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, okay so you know um so like well so um you know 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on I mean um uh so I mean you know okay so well so a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, well so well uh well like uh um okay well and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started like I mean so uh you know well I mean well um okay the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now you know I mean so so well okay um uh you know I mean I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own um you know so okay so like you know okay so uh Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing so you know I mean uh I mean I mean like uh I mean well this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where um so uh um you know um I mean uh uh uh you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So you know okay you know okay okay okay um like okay um if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn artcom um you know you know you know so so so well okay um. Forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use I mean you know like um um I mean I mean um um like the coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you like like I mean like okay well so uh uh well will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom uh so um so well uh like so well um offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so okay so uh you know I mean well well well so uh much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me is the well so like like well um well I mean I mean uh Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse you know um like I mean okay you know like uh like well me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic so uh so you know like well um I mean I mean you know is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked so so so um uh you know um okay well so to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we well well I mean you know uh so um well uh um just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets um okay you know uh you know like so you know I mean so is the place you're going to want to head on over to you can like uh um uh like uh well um okay like find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's okay I mean you know so uh so so I mean you know so pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle um you know I mean okay uh you know so I mean um like an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week I mean um well I mean you know you know uh uh like uh yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us well you know I mean like okay okay so like okay so the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but okay I mean well like so I mean uh you know you know you know yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was so uh okay you know you know okay like well well you know on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose I mean so um like like you know well um so you know brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was if you know you know like uh um you know I mean uh okay um you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast so okay um uh like you know well like well well. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you like so um uh you know okay well uh okay like to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your um I mean so so um like you know you know uh I mean podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more so uh um like you know you know so um well uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make you know okay well so so you know I mean well well well a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question um so like you know um you know okay uh like like. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life so I mean like well you know um well you know so uh. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to I mean well I mean I mean well so um okay uh uh live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would I mean um like uh like um you know so uh well say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible you know uh uh um um okay okay um so well. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities so you know uh I mean uh well you know uh so so. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the like um well I mean like I mean uh uh um well go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving uh so uh I mean um um um like well I mean. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named like uh I mean uh you know okay um well um like Martin. He had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked you know uh um uh uh I mean um uh so well his ticket but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong well well uh so so okay I mean well so uh Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had I mean uh so you know like okay okay like well I mean reserved his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast well you know uh uh you know uh so well you know you know the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change like okay like uh well I mean uh well uh like in our industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and um you know you know well okay I mean well so um you know become part of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting I mean okay um I mean okay you know you know okay I mean you know impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get so like okay well um so um like you know you know into the show. I'm here today with a special guest a treat if you will well uh uh I mean I mean you know so okay uh like Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said um uh uh um um you know like so like like your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business like well uh like I mean okay well well um so your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake um so I mean you know well so well um okay you know. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome uh so so um uh uh okay so uh um to our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this okay like um uh well you know uh well so so series. We've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, so well you know um so uh okay like you know like and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international like you know okay well well like so like uh okay women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In like uh okay well um like you know like so well today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across I mean uh okay well like well you know you know well okay the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of okay like well you know like so um like like okay them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler so well I mean um like you know like you know you know well MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of you know so um you know I mean okay you know uh uh well TV talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so um you know okay well well like um okay like you know excited new video new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah you know um okay you know I mean so um I mean um uh. It's like a super show. We have so much new to get through so uh so well so well like I mean okay uh um much gossip II just they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland I mean like so okay you know well uh so like like and tree and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back so like well so uh you know I mean um you know uh guys and Daddy love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive so okay so you know so like um so uh okay Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So I mean I mean like so okay um okay well so okay you guys prayers up. First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world like uh well well uh okay you know um well well. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other well so I mean well like I mean okay you know uh you know day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start okay I mean I mean um I mean you know uh well so so of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a I mean so uh uh you know um you know okay um I mean big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance um so well so I mean um you know you know like I mean quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to well uh okay um well um so okay uh okay their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training uh you know uh so I mean well well so uh like gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the well I mean well so uh um um I mean so um glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our um like like well I mean well so well you know um weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace you know um like so I mean you know okay I mean well well your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful um uh uh like um I mean like you know you know okay to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this well okay you know I mean okay okay uh I mean I mean uh week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean like well like like well like I mean okay uh uh for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we um so okay you know you know like okay I mean um um now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the I mean well uh um I mean um I mean you know so uh six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when like I mean like I mean um I mean I mean well I mean so you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time um um I mean uh well okay I mean well um uh we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even like well I mean you know um you know I mean you know you know well this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if uh okay you know I mean like I mean so I mean I mean you know you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells um well like okay um so okay like like okay into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are okay like I mean I mean uh well uh well I mean well Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts like um like I mean okay I mean you know uh I mean okay are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The run well I mean um I mean you know well okay well so so for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training to reach okay okay okay well so well okay I mean I mean um your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions that well I mean uh so well I mean okay so so you know you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop on uh I mean um um like okay I mean so like like what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you uh um okay I mean I mean well okay uh well like ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, well you know um like uh um I mean like like um This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive okay I mean I mean I mean like I mean so so okay I mean to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to you know okay you know I mean uh I mean you know I mean um you know gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background I mean so so I mean I mean well like um uh uh in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an you know okay I mean uh um well uh well well uh aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been okay like like like well so um so okay um through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all I mean like uh okay well okay like um so so have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or well I mean you know well well so so I mean I mean so Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are I mean um I mean like well you know you know like um uh people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to sports I mean um I mean so I mean um well uh uh um Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take so I mean like okay uh you know okay um so okay feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, so well so so you know um I mean well um um we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the uh like well uh you know so so you know um I mean co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports like like like so um okay well like uh um Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had okay okay like you know okay well well um so like over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I okay like you know like I mean okay so so okay um was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank uh you know uh I mean you know well like so um um you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author but most importantly so uh I mean like so so I mean um okay um an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine you know I mean I mean I mean okay I mean like uh like um. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like the hottest Astro um okay uh so uh I mean I mean so I mean so bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some uh I mean I mean okay uh okay like okay I mean you know astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever you know you know like um I mean I mean you know you know I mean like have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was so um well you know you know you know okay like like so on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just I mean I mean you know I mean like like well I mean you know well gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing like you know I mean uh okay okay um well like so show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the well you know uh like like um okay well I mean well inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week you know well uh like I mean I mean so well well I mean and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women you know I mean so well okay um uh you know well uh all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, you know okay I mean um like um so okay so you know she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in like you know um um okay I mean uh um like well Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila okay okay uh uh um well so I mean so okay. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson I mean well like uh so I mean well so I mean well today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you um you know you know so I mean well okay you know um well achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's uh like I mean okay well um like so I mean well Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have um so you know well so so you know well um so been for many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or okay well okay like you know like uh you know I mean well did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 okay um well like like uh well you know uh uh and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in I mean like like so okay I mean okay um I mean um general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope so uh like well okay okay um so uh well y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so don't so you know like so you know like like okay okay um say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe so you know okay like uh uh well so so so button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you um so uh uh I mean I mean well okay well so could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the well okay like like I mean um well well okay okay message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let like so okay like I mean um um like well well me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh so I mean okay I mean uh so I mean okay I mean uh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about like okay okay okay like um well um so okay that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a uh well okay like okay you know well like so I mean skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are well you know so well like so uh like okay uh still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and so like so okay well um uh like so you know we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of you know okay uh you know you know um you know um um uh it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's a lot um I mean I mean like well like um so you know you know of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know uh so uh uh uh okay um uh I mean phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you make like um well like uh I mean um um so like your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can make easy money I mean you know you know I mean um I mean well like so uh by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's uh well um so uh okay um well you know I mean Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and this podcast will okay you know uh you know okay I mean well you know I mean so be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but I mean you know well you know um so okay okay so like more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon okay you know well so you know you know you know you know okay like. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which uh uh well like like like well I mean uh uh I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be uh okay um okay uh okay like um um okay about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit uh like like like um I mean um so you know I mean about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get so well you know like you know uh okay so well I mean any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily well um okay okay uh well you know I mean um okay stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the I mean you know I mean so um you know you know okay um like views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former A&R you know um well I mean um okay um um um okay at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us okay I mean so you know okay uh you know well okay you know 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, okay uh so you know like like well well uh okay you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their own so I mean I mean well so so uh so um okay projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they can start you know okay like you know uh you know well I mean like okay to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and work okay okay uh uh uh so uh you know well okay with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is a great one um like like I mean I mean like so you know you know like so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information so okay like um okay you know you know uh you know you know on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out at Studio talking dotco like uh you know okay like I mean so so like uh. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music you know so um okay so so I mean okay so uh Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, like um um I mean well well you know okay um like I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm your you know like so okay I mean uh um like you know um host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today. Today. We're like you know you know well okay well okay okay I mean uh going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk about Pixar okay uh I mean well well you know you know you know like okay Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator and one uh well like okay I mean so you know well well like of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and well so so um I mean like um like like well me had been talking about how we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted well so like well uh so uh uh you know I mean to talk about and me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought um I mean I mean I mean okay so you know okay well okay this would be you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm um um um like okay you know uh so okay I mean of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick so so well well uh so okay well well uh five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me well um um well uh so okay like well well for a while have been following me on the internet out there in so okay like um uh uh I mean I mean so uh the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of I mean well well okay okay so you know you know I mean you know experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept like I mean um like you know um I mean uh um okay of not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is so uh okay I mean you know um well well well I mean gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills um um I mean well like okay so so uh I mean as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score you know okay I mean uh well so uh you know I mean um last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just I mean um well okay um I mean like so you know I mean a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher um like you know uh so so I mean um um like spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's like you know um you know like well I mean okay well um a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides uh okay okay uh I mean um so so uh like that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA well um um okay you know like like okay uh okay 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred like like I mean um uh um I mean um um okay and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this well well um so like you know so uh I mean I mean card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because like um I mean um um well like um you know uh I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank so you know I mean you know I mean so well well I mean um you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please I mean you know uh um um uh so well so okay head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and I mean okay like um okay um you know so I mean um browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even like so you know okay uh um um you know okay you know go to our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly well okay you know like so okay okay um you know well. We love bringing you awesome content just as much As you like listening to it so you know so okay um um okay you know so well enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought well well so I mean I mean I mean I mean okay okay uh your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in you know okay well you know okay okay so like uh well the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we I mean like okay like like uh well like so I mean look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so like um okay okay well um I mean you know okay okay much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods well I mean so okay so like well like so like with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each like well I mean I mean well well you know so like you know one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different okay you know like so okay um well so well um different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that you know well I mean I mean so well okay you know like so are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of so uh so um so well well well well I mean which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was like um um you know um well so well I mean so going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just here to let well you know well uh like so um you know I mean um you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast online. If well like I mean I mean okay you know like okay like I mean you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make um um you know okay well well like okay well I mean a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which um uh uh so you know uh like uh okay you know you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you like I mean okay I mean so so so well um you know to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast um I mean okay um you know uh so you know well like for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts you know okay uh you know like well like well you know like and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership um I mean like uh uh um uh well so like. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup so like okay you know like I mean uh I mean well okay. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing like I mean so I mean I mean so like I mean you know I mean probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now uh uh um like I mean you know well um I mean so if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put well like um you know you know like so you know well like but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just doesn't make like so like so well like like uh uh so sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL for um you know well so uh I mean I mean you know okay okay just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense you know well I mean like um so well like like okay for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make well you know like well okay so so okay um so sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team at 43 years so you know uh uh like uh okay uh like so old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get like uh okay uh well well okay well like so you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um well I mean I mean um so uh uh I mean so get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free so like well well like okay okay like I mean so anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your you know okay okay you know I mean um you know I mean well uh own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk you know I mean so um well I mean so okay so I mean about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to um I mean I mean well I mean you know like well okay uh make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to so um okay so you know like um like so okay the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you you know um well like um so um so okay so on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its like uh like okay you know um I mean okay okay you know easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools um you know like you know uh well like um you know um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well uh well so uh well I mean you know you know um phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard you know well okay like like uh well um uh you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast well um uh I mean um like so like well you know with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one um you know uh you know um uh you know uh um well place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom so I mean um um uh okay uh um okay okay. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to uh uh you know okay um so so well like okay talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an like okay okay okay so like so you know so I mean image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into it understand that I mean I mean okay okay well okay okay uh I mean um nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan like you know well you know um like okay okay uh like Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't uh like uh okay I mean uh um uh I mean well get enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left so you know I mean okay okay well okay like um like like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a uh so okay well so um so so you know okay record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We well like well okay um like so so well um did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously okay okay well well like well like um like well we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones like um so so you know you know I mean I mean well I mean scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people um so um um like uh okay um okay okay really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but I mean well uh um okay I mean um you know like you know it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three like well you know like well well okay well like like two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are we well you know I mean okay well you know like okay I mean uh gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all hate well okay um you know like well so you know well I mean mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like well you know well okay well okay I mean okay okay um an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you like well well um like um uh like uh you know the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's you know like well uh um like well so like uh out of order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It well um okay okay I mean okay so I mean like I mean is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, okay you know you know like well okay uh like okay uh you do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now I mean like well well like uh okay uh like so which are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about um so I mean okay um well okay I mean uh um like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how uh I mean you know well I mean um okay like um uh we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot okay like I mean um you know uh you know so I mean so f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different like uh so uh so well uh uh you know you know platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from like um okay well uh okay okay um um so your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor like you know um um so uh so you know you know you know app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when okay so you know like well uh so well uh you know in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf okay I mean like well like like okay uh you know so 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and you know okay uh okay well like so I mean I mean like welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a like so so I mean um like you know I mean you know okay bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are like I mean um uh um uh you know um like you know going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and so well okay well so well okay well so like before you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and so so uh uh okay you know I mean so you know so that's a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least well okay um you know um like well like like okay not in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from I mean okay I mean uh I mean um so so like like the Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, uh okay so well so so well well I mean uh too. 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos well like well you know well um so um I mean well Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in like I mean well you know um I mean I mean okay you know uh many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things like um so okay okay you know well um uh okay Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our I mean uh okay like okay well like uh you know um newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown like um well you know uh like you know okay uh well questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will uh I mean well so um okay you know like well uh be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing you know so you know well well I mean like like well well Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello okay um uh you know okay you know okay so I mean okay. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in um you know like you know you know uh like like okay okay terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a like I mean um so um um well uh so well lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting uh like well uh I mean so okay okay so well those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank I mean you know well well okay I mean you know you know uh okay you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going um I mean um um um you know so well like you know to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very you know okay so you know I mean I mean you know well um well close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today um well well well okay so uh okay um I mean that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room okay so I mean well okay well um uh uh you know. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other so well so so um I mean uh like so uh things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke well well um I mean you know okay okay so okay uh Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say uh so um so so like you know I mean so um thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram so well you know I mean um you know you know um um like following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you so um well like well well you know so okay like to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action I mean uh you know like well like uh um well you know and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story okay so like so I mean okay okay well uh okay of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a um I mean you know I mean I mean so uh um okay well disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against I mean I mean well you know well so you know like uh okay walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of uh so like well okay um uh I mean um uh the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media well um uh well um okay okay like so well a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation I mean you know you know like well uh you know like I mean uh and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186 so I mean like uh you know okay uh well I mean um. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on so well so uh well well okay well well um a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't so so I mean you know well you know so so like I mean wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted I mean so you know I mean I mean well uh well so you know to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential well like um um um um um like well you know skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog okay um I mean you know okay okay like okay well I mean posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools well um uh so well um uh okay um okay to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily uh uh um I mean uh so you know well okay you know devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live well uh so you know so um like I mean um um with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here uh I mean like uh okay okay so like so like in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses um okay well um you know um um uh you know well 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we well well well so like okay so so so so know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have like I mean I mean um I mean okay okay I mean well so a building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for I mean uh okay well like so like well so okay in this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed well um like okay you know you know uh uh uh uh by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are still okay uh so um well uh um you know so okay in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want uh um you know so you know you know I mean you know um well to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I mean I mean well well okay I mean uh you know okay uh I use to record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's okay well well okay well okay so um so so a hundred percent free and it allows you to use tools that allow okay so um okay okay um you know you know um well you to record and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows like like well so you know I mean like so you know well you to record with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go okay you know I mean I mean okay um I mean uh like like will then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard you know you know you know okay I mean you know uh uh you know you know on Spotify app a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from well so you know like you know um um like you know um your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a um okay um um um like I mean um okay um podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot um okay well um um well uh okay so okay fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys uh so um like I mean like okay like like well know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you so uh you know um okay you know uh uh um well right now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe well um I mean uh um I mean okay like so okay because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm uh well I mean you know um you know I mean so um you know going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, I mean so um well okay I mean well you know uh well we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their um okay um I mean okay I mean um okay okay like classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here um well like okay um okay um I mean so uh. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please okay like you know like okay you know you know you know uh like rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more you know so um well okay well so uh uh like teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who I mean I mean so I mean like so I mean so uh okay is has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a um well you know you know um so uh okay I mean so huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her I mean like okay you know well so okay well uh well Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for okay well um so well I mean you know like like you know her and her students. My students came to school on the second day and so you know uh I mean like okay okay well uh like they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I uh so okay like like you know um well okay okay was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank uh well like you know I mean well I mean like I mean you know you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are um okay uh okay uh um like like uh um you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even like okay so you know okay I mean uh uh you know like happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of like I mean I mean I mean uh so um I mean um okay interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that well uh uh well okay you know well okay so like now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into um so um well I mean like you know you know I mean well the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty well um okay well so so like I mean uh okay hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're uh I mean okay well well um you know you know I mean you know after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate so uh okay so like um okay um um I mean 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not um so like you know um like I mean well like you know 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+ um like well well you know well okay so okay uh. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give well uh so I mean like like I mean okay so uh her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty I mean you know um okay so so well well you know like. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming okay like okay uh well I mean um well I mean okay to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara well I mean well like well uh um uh uh um Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed I mean uh like um well okay you know uh so like away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with um okay you know um so well so well uh um a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all uh okay so um so uh well okay you know so about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share so okay um well I mean so you know um you know so with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora you know uh well so so well I mean okay you know so El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all well well you know uh well uh uh so okay like phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were um so I mean I mean so well well okay well you know going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of you know um like okay I mean so like okay so so the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation well well well um um you know well um you know um coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life okay okay you know you know like I mean so okay okay you know. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so I mean like you know so well you know uh I mean you know so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you you know you know you know like well uh like you know I mean um should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking um you know uh uh like like um uh you know well things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this I mean you know you know okay um you know well well you know well is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the so so I mean so okay you know um you know so I mean first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory so well well okay well uh uh like uh I mean show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days um well so uh um I mean um uh uh I mean to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed well um uh um um uh um uh um like to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're okay like like okay you know okay you know well I mean like listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank um you know so okay well so um so I mean so you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this uh you know well like like like like well well um is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the like you know I mean uh so so like okay well so fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or I mean okay well um I mean I mean so uh well so obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a um okay so you know like um I mean um okay so drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to well okay uh you know I mean like you know okay uh so record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely um okay I mean I mean like uh like um so so love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a uh you know well um okay uh so well um I mean podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to well okay so um well um well so so you know record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even so well so okay uh I mean like you know um well distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple well I mean uh like uh I mean okay uh um um podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no I mean well okay like so I mean okay well um okay minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place well I mean so okay so you know you know uh well you know. All you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot uh you know um so okay so okay okay um you know f m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about well like um uh uh like well so okay I mean anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't like uh well well like you know I mean like okay so heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will um okay so so um uh okay um uh uh elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that so I mean I mean I mean so like like so okay okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your uh well like like like so I mean I mean um you know computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from uh uh I mean um so so okay like okay well my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute so you know well uh like so um well you know uh your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many I mean well uh you know like um so like you know uh more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make like well you know like uh like so well well I mean money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because you know I mean so well okay okay um uh um um I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to I mean well um I mean I mean like well so so uh make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night toothbrushing uh so you know you know you know I mean uh well well okay show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little okay like like like okay uh so I mean okay like circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Warren you know um like okay uh you know um I mean so okay Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge I mean well so well okay I mean well um so so in New York City the goes over a big river and it's I mean like you know so uh I mean um well I mean like beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and take like I mean well okay I mean okay um so you know okay pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but that so so um well um you know well you know well uh you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the uh like okay uh like you know well uh okay you know John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven so uh well um you know you know I mean uh you know well cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States you know I mean um okay I mean you know well like so okay. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed okay okay so so so well okay okay I mean you know with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had I mean uh like okay you know you know um okay uh okay any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on so um so um okay okay I mean so well so in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from uh you know okay well um well okay uh I mean um our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the I mean well so I mean I mean okay um uh well um end of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside so okay so uh you know you know I mean like like well and outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains you know well you know well well like uh uh um well free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River you know um like well so you know so okay okay well North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in um okay okay um well so well you know okay so April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were you know I mean uh like okay uh uh uh like um there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation I mean you know I mean well um you know I mean uh um I mean right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that well uh so I mean like so I mean like um like people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they um uh uh uh um so like okay you know um learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly so okay uh uh uh well um like um like meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now uh like so you know okay you know well well I mean I mean in this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say you know okay okay um um so so so so you know exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the like so so okay like well uh uh okay I mean weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit you know so so um I mean uh um I mean like like and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to so okay like like well well you know um so well this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's well so um so okay like uh you know I mean uh raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting okay uh uh well um okay I mean um um okay that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional you know I mean like you know I mean like so uh I mean okay content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most like you know um so well so okay okay you know well notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the like so well I mean you know I mean I mean like well so most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from uh uh I mean so like okay well you know like okay some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation so you know um you know well I mean okay okay uh well method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can okay like I mean you know okay so so uh so uh find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts you know so uh well uh uh well I mean uh um a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're well um uh so um you know like uh like I mean discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard well well you know I mean like you know so you know uh uh and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to so well uh well you know like um uh like well be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were so okay um I mean like so uh well well I mean very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England uh um like like so I mean I mean you know so okay lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich you know well um like so like okay uh so so life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant um um so well well like um okay um okay struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those you know okay uh I mean like uh uh um so I mean people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low well uh uh okay so I mean um like you know you know as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village uh like I mean so um you know you know like um well was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn you know like um you know so okay um okay you know like and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach well um so um like like like uh you know so so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew um like well okay okay so uh you know uh you know a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany um so uh uh um well you know like well like Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that the okay you know well I mean well you know well like you know like The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up who okay okay well okay okay well okay so like I mean is going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes um um well like I mean I mean you know well okay like Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's so like um like okay like well like like um kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago you know okay uh okay like um uh like well um during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to I mean you know you know like so uh well I mean I mean like give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So uh so okay so okay so you know you know well um I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having I mean um well um well so um I mean you know well the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there well um so so uh you know you know well like okay but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee um I mean like you know like you know like um so okay Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, uh uh okay um I mean so well I mean you know so if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk so so okay um well like like like so so about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and okay like okay like you know so you know like okay uh we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we well I mean so like um I mean so you know okay you know always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've okay you know like uh I mean well well uh okay like barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll I mean you know well so like so uh you know so okay be your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips I mean like okay well um you know uh like um like and tools you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your uh I mean uh uh I mean um so so um okay dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you you know so so I mean okay uh so I mean okay well in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the you know like um I mean I mean you know okay uh so uh past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message to um you know I mean uh um okay so you know okay like connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my space a um you know okay you know uh you know you know well uh I mean podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create um okay you know well um uh like okay so uh your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he talking well you know um like okay I mean I mean uh uh well chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood I mean I mean you know so well okay uh well you know um about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo um uh um okay uh so so so I mean well. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either places something I mean okay okay I mean you know like you know okay uh like into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of his open um you know I mean you know well okay um like well uh hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I might uh uh you know um okay um you know uh uh well have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll I mean like uh you know okay I mean so um okay so give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying um okay um like I mean uh okay I mean you know okay something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something uh like so well you know um I mean like so okay up from a place of rest then to is traversing which is to either well um okay well well um I mean well I mean okay transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe uh like uh like uh you know like um like so and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I like uh um well I mean um I mean well like um just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work like so you know so I mean okay like um well um on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I uh I mean like well okay you know uh um uh so just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy um you know you know I mean uh uh okay um so you know. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast uh you know so you know okay like I mean well like you know comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I well okay uh uh I mean well so like okay you know needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's like well um well I mean you know I mean okay I mean like a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use uh you know uh um um uh like um uh well anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's um um like like well uh uh you know um well also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your uh I mean you know I mean I mean well um uh okay you know computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, um like so okay uh you know I mean you know um okay so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more like you know uh you know I mean so you know um um uh you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you you know okay um I mean I mean I mean um so okay well are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast all well um um you know you know well I mean I mean well well in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We uh um you know um uh you know I mean uh you know well are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special I mean I mean so um um like so you know um I mean episode. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of well like I mean you know I mean um I mean um uh um the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since like um um you know you know okay um I mean okay I mean it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And uh um uh like I mean uh um so um you know so I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had well okay well you know you know uh well like okay you know I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things um so like okay well well so like so um and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg you know um okay I mean okay well well okay like uh just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we like like uh like I mean you know you know well I mean you know talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my mother you know okay okay like you know okay you know okay you know I mean. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my bathroom so I mean so uh like okay you know uh uh you know while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap like like so so I mean uh I mean well uh uh with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like uh like um like uh uh so um so so boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like uh like um I mean I mean okay so so like well at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where I mean so so uh you know uh okay uh uh uh like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like I mean okay like you know like um um um okay uh a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's you know I mean um um okay well so um you know so like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like I mean like um you know like um um so uh you know what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you for um um um uh like uh you know you know like so joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it um so um so well okay so so you know uh was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting uh um I mean uh uh um you know I mean okay like for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in okay I mean okay uh you know uh well I mean I mean I mean order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, uh well well um okay okay um um I mean well doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it okay um you know um I mean okay um uh um you know that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But okay so so um um okay um like well I mean there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, well you know well you know I mean you know uh uh um I mean but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow like okay like well I mean okay uh I mean like so today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old well uh um I mean well um uh um uh well daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, uh okay uh well uh uh uh so so you know no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick of murders like like uh uh um um so you know um okay and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved okay uh okay um so so um I mean okay like murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some so you know you know okay um well uh I mean I mean well of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to um so well um I mean uh um uh um um podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised well I mean uh well you know I mean so uh well okay this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of okay uh so uh so I mean you know I mean so you know a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast I mean well like okay you know well like so well you know. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht so uh okay um I mean well so uh well uh Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can support okay okay well so um well like like like I mean learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big Ed um like well I mean you know I mean you know um I mean uh Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not mobile like uh okay um okay uh you know you know okay okay devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation with James so like so okay um okay okay um like you know Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to um um okay uh so okay so okay uh like our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a you know well so well you know um well um um well number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about um um like so I mean uh um uh you know I mean the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually well well you know okay like um you know well I mean well is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the okay so okay um well you know um well okay um most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John well uh uh um um I mean you know so you know well Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at uh well um okay well I mean I mean so so so a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily. We haven't okay okay I mean well well like I mean like well okay gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for the 90 days, so uh well um so well okay I mean uh so but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from the show you know so um like uh you know like you know like like lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's dating a so I mean well like so okay well um so you know woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she sells naked photos well I mean like well uh I mean I mean like okay okay of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she has content. That's um okay so I mean okay so you know well I mean you know a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out though as um okay you know you know I mean you know uh you know you know uh Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states um you know you know like okay like well I mean well I mean that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed um well I mean like well okay like well I mean um her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in okay you know well I mean you know you know you know like so I mean general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content so okay okay uh I mean so you know you know like okay creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I well uh um um well so uh you know um so want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed so um um um okay you know okay um okay uh to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just um okay okay I mean uh okay well well um okay anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you so okay so okay like um like I mean uh um who's that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick okay uh well um you know so like so uh like and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy well okay well I mean so like like like okay you know. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time uh okay like so I mean um okay I mean I mean so host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so um um so you know so um you know like like like how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we well well um um uh so well well well well I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but well well you know I mean I mean you know okay uh um I mean it was there be but it was there. We took the we just say well you know I mean uh so uh um like you know uh major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each like uh um okay well you know well okay um you know other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a so you know like so I mean you know you know uh um okay tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her um well well um okay um I mean so I mean uh illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation well um you know you know uh like uh uh I mean you know practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who I mean okay so okay you know um um like you know I mean spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree planting um okay uh um uh so well so well I mean is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground like like well so like so well um like I mean day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories that well um uh um so well I mean uh so um last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture that is well well so uh well I mean so so so you know mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the ground. It is meant so so okay um you know I mean so like so so to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place for those to you know so uh like I mean okay um like you know uh reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast in today's you know uh okay um um like uh so like well episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship now okay uh you know well uh I mean like you know uh so when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a um you know you know like so uh uh so you know um new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of where so uh well I mean you know um you know uh well like you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the um I mean um well you know you know so okay um I mean first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products okay okay I mean I mean so you know I mean well so uh do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to well so I mean like um so well so like like the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You well well so um like like um uh I mean well actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally like okay um um well I mean I mean you know so uh the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with I mean well like uh well I mean so uh um you know you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make sure I mean so you know I mean like so so you know okay I mean you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores and um I mean you know so I mean like like well okay I mean actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should let so um um okay so I mean well like uh uh you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you like I mean I mean um okay you know I mean okay like um to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results so I mean uh um so well I mean well well well from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven so you know well you know like okay well I mean well like to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your well you know okay so like okay like like um you know results in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you know so um so like well you know like I mean I mean you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life well uh um uh like you know I mean uh you know you know out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with like I mean I mean you know I mean okay like so okay uh. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach uh um I mean um well you know um uh I mean I mean coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to uh um um so so so so you know um you know help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling asleep like uh uh like like well okay so I mean I mean and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God uh I mean well uh well so uh uh so okay. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so um you know okay like like uh uh so well um as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be like um okay I mean so you know um like I mean well an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this okay uh uh well so well okay so um um. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K well like you know okay I mean um like you know I mean well out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it well I mean uh I mean well I mean um uh you know so on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like braised so um okay uh you know like like you know like um. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given on okay well I mean like I mean uh you know um okay well the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and like you know I mean um um I mean like um I mean so recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller so so well uh okay um you know um well you know and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and like like well um well um uh um okay so welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing okay well so okay well well so you know so okay Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself so well I mean well okay uh okay like like I mean know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a so I mean uh okay well okay um uh I mean I mean spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to like okay I mean well um so okay so so okay start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone well I mean well uh like I mean like I mean um I mean to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American um well so um you know okay you know you know I mean I mean Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one you know you know well okay I mean uh like well so uh of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, uh uh you know um well okay okay so I mean I mean it's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All well well um uh you know okay I mean so you know uh right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was um um uh you know well um well so I mean I mean on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you um you know uh uh so well uh okay um so ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no I mean okay um well I mean um I mean uh I mean um prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible um uh um well okay so you know so okay uh and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are well okay you know okay uh well okay well well okay joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest okay so I mean well I mean okay uh uh okay I mean today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but you know uh well like um so like um well okay I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, so okay I mean um well I mean like um okay well I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to well like like I mean so well you know I mean I mean well be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked you know okay like so like you know okay I mean um okay in and he told me on the spot that it was going to you know um um well well well okay I mean like like be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You uh like so you know well well um uh uh okay have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day so I mean um um you know I mean uh uh well so. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 I mean okay like so so uh I mean like so okay. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's like well so like you know uh uh well you know I mean very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual you know I mean like well well you know uh um okay like CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time okay well okay um uh you know I mean so you know you know and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you um you know I mean I mean um okay I mean well uh I mean know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If uh uh okay like okay I mean uh you know like well so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business uh um okay uh uh like well I mean I mean so tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go well okay you know you know I mean uh I mean uh like okay to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your free guide and turn your like you know uh so well you know okay you know um you know dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was okay you know uh you know I mean okay I mean like so you know wondering about is and I think I've sort of got an answer you know so well like uh you know so you know well uh but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I mean um uh you know okay like you know okay um like I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people if there's some negativity you know okay um okay okay you know um uh um I mean and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here so like um um okay you know uh um um so with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from you know like you know okay uh um uh you know okay okay Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing uh you know so um well you know I mean um um well great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right you know I mean okay so okay like I mean so so so for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I well uh like okay I mean like okay um well uh like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't uh so so um so so like so um you know worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got you know I mean um so I mean well okay okay so so like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out well so so um uh well like so so so because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space uh so um so um you know you know well I mean um docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be I mean so like so so I mean so well so well covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries um like you know I mean so so I mean like so like that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the Apollo like well well you know okay you know so like okay I mean mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news so you know well well you know well so you know I mean so on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if like like well um like you know okay like uh you know I mean us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that uh well like okay well well like you know I mean um is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult um well like you know uh um I mean okay you know um consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised um you know okay like like well okay so well you know Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All so well okay I mean you know so uh well um okay I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back well so um I mean I mean um you know okay so I mean seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to so well you know so so you know um okay you know uh you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I so well like okay um well okay so you know well started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me uh like okay uh like um so like like okay out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead well um well um I mean okay like okay uh I mean a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party you know okay so like you know I mean well well okay okay the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our um so okay like I mean I mean uh like okay like favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today well um so like I mean um you know well you know okay we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for okay you know um um you know like like you know well like BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it so okay well you know I mean well you know um so like this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here you know uh I mean um you know I mean I mean you know okay you know. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is okay like like I mean like uh um you know you know so part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to okay like so uh okay well um uh um well release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man like well um so you know I mean I mean you know I mean uh. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear so well I mean so uh well um like I mean you know it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going like you know well um you know well okay um okay like back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think I mean so uh like you know you know like you know um uh that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that I mean I mean uh so um um okay so um you know she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like so I mean okay like well okay so you know okay um valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about like so so I mean so um well so I mean okay her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her okay I mean you know well like okay like so well well as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show start well you know well so like well okay so um uh brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside I mean I mean you know I mean so I mean you know like like um outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking you know um um okay you know like you know like uh um about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters so well I mean so okay well like um like like who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and I mean I mean um um uh so okay I mean um like Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a country um so like so you know like well you know okay so in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in um so uh I mean well um so you know you know um martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be a you know well I mean you know like like you know so okay like long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's um like uh okay I mean you know I mean uh so um your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. We're joined by special well you know well uh like I mean okay uh okay um special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio well Cambria found a uh um I mean well like okay you know okay um like how was your day? How was your day tiring long as it was productive. That's you know I mean you know uh I mean so well you know you know uh all that matters. Come on, the love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So well um um I mean you know um like I mean I mean uh guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so um so uh I mean you know well like so so so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place okay I mean uh so um uh okay I mean you know uh of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due you know I mean okay uh okay well uh so like um to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because well uh like so uh uh um um uh I mean that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care um um so uh okay okay I mean so you know uh if technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you okay well well like um okay okay you know well so look at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that well well well I mean so like I mean I mean so okay is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So uh I mean so okay um okay um well well um the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a I mean um um you know you know uh uh uh like okay back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and uh I mean okay well well well so like okay um the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I you know so well I mean I mean uh um uh you know uh got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is like like okay like I mean uh um um like you know probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him well I mean I mean so um well um well uh you know now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple I mean well so uh well okay okay well you know um of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets uh you know well um I mean so uh so you know uh his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends so so like well I mean like uh okay you know well kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she like uh well well uh I mean so um um um told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a um you know so well like like uh okay well um podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this you know well uh uh so you know so um I mean so is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, so so um so so you know like well so uh what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything um uh like well well uh uh well so um about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that I mean um like so okay well like like I mean uh Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe okay well uh so I mean I mean uh uh like like nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff well you know you know so well well so well uh okay to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get um like like uh I mean I mean I mean uh you know uh to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote you know um well I mean uh I mean I mean so okay um unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is so so so well so well so um well well the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that okay well I mean well like you know uh um like uh we know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just like um um um um so uh okay I mean um talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in you know uh well um well well like so I mean okay a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players uh I mean so well like okay um you know um so that they were using it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the well well like well well you know so okay like I mean league the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally well um like uh um like well like I mean well positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about okay um I mean um uh so um so so I mean anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you um you know well um uh so uh okay uh like haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let well you know so uh like you know I mean okay like uh me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay I mean you know so well um okay you know well so your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for uh uh um um I mean so uh okay I mean so you. So you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make so like uh I mean I mean like um um uh okay money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make so uh I mean well like you know so okay well like a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go so well um I mean I mean um you know well uh okay to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of like um um uh like I mean um okay so um Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your um okay like well well so okay uh okay like host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so well well so okay okay um well okay like I mean excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and like like well I mean so you know so so well well I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a well so like you know I mean so okay you know okay I mean podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using well you know I mean I mean uh like I mean uh well I mean anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you you know okay I mean like like so uh okay you know well everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone uh um like uh okay you know you know you know um I mean tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the I mean you know okay I mean you know uh you know okay you know I mean app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even um okay you know like you know well okay you know so I mean distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be okay I mean um like um well um like I mean like found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily okay like like okay so I mean you know you know so um make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app like um so like so okay well I mean so okay or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast you know uh I mean uh uh uh so you know okay well. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any so I mean well you know okay you know uh uh so so money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There I mean uh I mean uh okay so like I mean um uh are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right okay you know uh um uh okay uh uh I mean I mean from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of okay like uh so well uh so like you know you know money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for um uh uh well okay um okay you know you know well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh well so okay you know um so like you know uh and the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's you know uh like so uh okay you know I mean you know uh everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor I mean you know like okay uh well well I mean uh uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud okay um you know you know well you know um well okay um apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for like you know okay um like so uh well well I mean a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, uh I mean okay so so okay you know um I mean I mean Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing so I mean you know like um you know so um well um to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode well you know um like well okay okay I mean like uh of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight you know um well you know so I mean you know um I mean well women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello um okay um I mean well you know um I mean you know you know greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all so you know um okay so so I mean um okay you know that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken so well like okay like I mean okay well like um up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He you know like so you know well um um you know well I mean had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs you know I mean well um you know I mean so okay like like that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and um like I mean well well I mean uh like like you know spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I you know uh well uh like well I mean okay so uh wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way I mean you know um okay you know um you know like so so possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are like like so so okay uh um uh uh uh actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to like you know um so so okay like okay like well record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host okay um well I mean I mean uh like like okay um the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also like so I mean uh you know uh I mean uh well like using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me I mean um like you know so uh like okay um well everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from well uh so I mean so so I mean you know so um my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to well okay uh I mean like so I mean you know well so make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you so like well well uh like okay you know uh like better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to um well okay okay well well um I mean um like hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have um okay like okay I mean well so um so I mean called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked like like uh well like like well uh you know I mean up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct um I mean you know okay uh you know um okay um uh himself on the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's you know you know I mean like you know uh like well um like my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just like um like um well um um um well well what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all uh okay okay uh like um um uh okay you know how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, like like um uh I mean well um I mean like uh you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with you know uh well I mean um so like uh um like a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make I mean okay you know so like so like okay well so a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and edit okay well um uh you know like well well okay uh your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast for like so I mean okay I mean so well like like like you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple okay I mean okay um you know uh well okay I mean I mean you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one place I mean uh uh well you know okay uh um you know well download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get I mean um so so so like well like okay okay started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this so well well um you know I mean well you know well uh my friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks you know I mean well um okay so you know you know so so. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion okay I mean so you know okay um so um you know so soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is I mean uh okay well okay uh I mean like uh uh Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion okay I mean you know you know I mean okay I mean I mean so like soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I mean you know okay like so um well I mean you know like I am so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, um you know like you know so um um um so okay and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company I mean so you know okay I mean you know well um uh um and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time well um um um uh well okay um like like we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and I mean uh like you know I mean well well okay you know I mean we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of you know okay uh I mean so uh I mean uh well well diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan okay you know like um I mean like well like you know well cog-lin. No, I think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents you know um okay uh so okay like like like well on speed dog? We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we you know okay you know well okay okay like uh um well can't call him. Oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't um like well um uh uh um uh so you know learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad like you know I mean um um you know so like um so somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus okay okay so uh uh well I mean well um well. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not okay you know like um uh like um well uh I mean answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon uh you know so okay uh I mean you know well uh uh Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These well uh um I mean you know I mean well um uh uh are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If I mean um so I mean so so well um okay like you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple okay uh I mean you know so you know okay well uh um podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media well um like okay like okay I mean uh okay uh on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word um I mean okay so I mean um well well uh um come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's I mean you know I mean well uh you know um you know uh um get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the I mean like I mean well you know uh well uh you know okay video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using I mean I mean I mean okay well well so okay you know you know drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell well so I mean like well uh okay well okay you know you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they I mean well so uh I mean so so I mean okay uh thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they I mean like okay well you know uh like like okay okay saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central like I mean well uh uh like uh uh well um and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were recently so uh okay well um like like you know so like honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the end of seven like you know I mean I mean so well you know like okay well semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who have like well you know like like I mean um okay uh like earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of those Those so uh so you know um um like so uh like students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today you know uh um okay uh like so uh uh okay guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the uh uh like like like I mean you know well well so activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with like you know I mean like um so so so well um mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with you know well I mean you know you know like okay I mean I mean uh lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're okay okay okay you know I mean so um I mean uh well back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In you know like well so well well I mean I mean uh you know the last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and you know so uh um you know um I mean I mean uh I mean up as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead um uh you know well well uh uh I mean okay I mean. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now so okay um okay like like well I mean I mean so affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor like you know well I mean so uh okay I mean like you know of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death well uh uh uh like like you know okay so okay in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country um you know uh well well um okay I mean uh so. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least you know like okay so okay you know well um okay like 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast you know so okay you know well okay uh I mean you know um. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to so um um um like um well I mean I mean okay record and edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop uh so so you know well uh um okay you know okay your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and okay uh like you know like you know uh I mean you know okay many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's um uh you know well like so you know um I mean like everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be so uh so so you know I mean like so uh I mean able to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us you know I mean okay like I mean you know well uh um okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started well well um you know I mean so um uh okay you know. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not okay well so I mean you know um well uh okay um a full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive like like you know like you know uh um well so um baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars like well so so uh well so like um you know session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening uh you know uh well well um well like okay uh wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the Star so I mean okay like um I mean I mean like um I mean Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the you know uh like um I mean well so uh um like Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon is well well uh okay well like you know uh well so too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and so uh okay so like like I mean well so well I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives like so uh okay okay well um well you know okay in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk so uh like um uh well okay so uh well about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was the so well uh like uh like well uh like uh creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when so so um uh so I mean you know okay um like we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's uh I mean okay like uh I mean okay okay like like a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that well uh okay I mean like you know okay uh so uh we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah uh I mean well so uh uh okay okay so okay. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the well like I mean like you know okay um I mean well I mean app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation well okay um you know okay like um okay uh I mean tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or okay so so I mean uh well uh I mean you know like computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many like I mean uh so so well um okay so you know more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money uh so like like so well like well like okay from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta so okay um uh um okay I mean um so you know grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need you know I mean you know um uh so um so okay like to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on like I mean um um well you know like okay okay so the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's okay uh okay um I mean like um uh well well going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything so uh I mean like uh um uh okay um so and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone I mean okay like so uh uh okay you know so okay did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out so like like so so um um uh well okay and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then so you know like I mean um uh so so uh so topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl okay okay so so you know I mean okay like you know so goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna like I mean I mean so um uh I mean okay uh well who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day like well like okay okay uh you know so so I mean and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the uh well like so okay you know so you know so um video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like so so like well I mean like you know I mean um like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship okay uh you know I mean you know like so uh you know uh healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out um uh you know you know um um you know um uh you know and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode um I mean uh you know like so so like uh you know of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys like I mean uh you know you know well so you know um okay the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own I mean I mean okay so like um uh um okay um Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and so you know like you know well uh uh well okay you know hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm um like okay um well you know um I mean um uh John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from I mean okay uh uh I mean so I mean uh you know I mean the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So uh well um like I mean so well you know well so essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this first uh well like you know like like okay okay well you know episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right now um you know um well like um okay like you know like. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney Nance you know so uh well so well uh I mean you know well coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo boys. Did you feel I mean um well you know uh um uh uh like so I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the roots. We're going back to you know okay um you know I mean okay you know okay uh you know her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good I mean um so um uh so well like so okay way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are who let the Dogs so okay you know you know um okay well um well so Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself so like so like like like so like so like but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying like um um okay so okay okay uh like uh that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see random things. I uh um um so okay uh I mean like um well support my right to party and you always you got to fight for that right? I mean you know well so like like um you know so uh Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I like uh um like so uh so uh okay uh became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long well I mean you know well well well I mean well well well Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to um I mean so so well well you know uh uh so apply to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of um so okay okay uh um um like I mean I mean her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate like well well so uh okay well uh okay well major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA like um okay uh okay uh so like I mean you know Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge uh so you know uh well um um so so okay about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going like so okay okay you know so like okay you know like to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough so uh okay um well you know um you know like like situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in okay um so I mean like I mean you know I mean I mean okay the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human well okay um um I mean so so like well okay design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic like um well well um uh okay okay okay well alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working so um you know I mean well so I mean I mean so um you know that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you experience the I mean well um um uh so so you know um uh flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week I mean uh you know um I mean uh so you know you know um. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way so uh okay um like I mean so like like you know that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome like okay I mean uh uh so so you know well I mean to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip um uh you know well like okay okay you know um I mean balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome you know so I mean so well uh um like you know you know and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and well um like so like so uh well well like to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire so so okay well uh okay so I mean okay uh order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the like well well like you know um well well so well show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we well okay you know uh you know so like so like so can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you like well I mean I mean well you know like um uh okay meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own um um so uh okay um uh you know uh uh pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19 well um okay um you know I mean um like so I mean. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old came so like okay um okay I mean you know um uh well home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over dinner well I mean okay well I mean um um uh so like. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San Jose the like so okay uh so uh okay you know okay okay largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it like you know I mean I mean you know um well so uh um seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just I mean so you know so well well so so uh okay like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong uh like like okay uh well like you know so um. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began um okay so so so uh well um you know you know to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of um okay like uh well okay so okay like so March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, um well so well you know uh um uh like well which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit like uh you know um I mean well um like well okay we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that okay well well uh so so uh uh okay okay GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 04% well so you know um well like like well I mean well. That economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the like like so like like uh um like uh um economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last okay I mean well so uh like okay well you know uh year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S uh you know uh okay so so well okay okay like turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home I mean well okay um uh you know you know I mean um well moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at home so okay you know like so I mean I mean you know so okay with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a so like I mean well I mean well okay well you know like little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things. There are some so like like um like you know um you know I mean well really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do when you well um um I mean so um I mean um I mean I mean listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller okay well uh I mean uh you know uh well okay okay and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm okay so uh like um like okay uh I mean well Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod I mean well you know you know um like okay you know um um because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically like you know you know so um you know so um um so ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be I mean like like well um you know um okay you know um spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for your babies so you know uh okay okay so well you know you know you know and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your health uh um so so like like I mean I mean um well Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello and I mean um okay you know so you know well I mean okay like welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is you know I mean well so like I mean um you know um um called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I like so so you know I mean uh I mean well like like think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel well okay you know you know um okay you know um okay I mean like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the uh uh um like well okay like okay well okay arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's you know okay like I mean I mean so okay like um um about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to well well so so so like so okay um um really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too well you know um so well like I mean well well um. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as you know like so um so uh uh you know I mean like an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? well like like um okay uh um um I mean like Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic okay okay so uh um so um so uh like. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to okay uh uh uh uh I mean well I mean um I mean build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it that so you know well I mean like um uh like you know so you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of well I mean I mean you know uh so um uh so like a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to uh you know you know uh like well you know I mean well well feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, what well you know so um okay um uh okay you know uh is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your you know okay well well like um like I mean so okay life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when so okay I mean I mean you know um you know uh well okay those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 um like like I mean well uh okay okay uh uh of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk um well uh I mean you know you know I mean well okay like about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of like you know well okay um you know I mean um well uh show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by so I mean you know I mean like okay um so uh you know many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads for you know okay so like so uh so well uh I mean 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy I mean you know you know like uh I mean like I mean well well what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? so so so so um well well like you know like Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least okay okay like well uh like like uh I mean okay the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that um um um you know okay um um I mean okay well are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I mean I mean you know um you know like I mean well like so I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys like like I mean um um you know well uh so I mean a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time okay well okay like you know um you know you know you know like ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these so like well well um you know like like so well onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so like you know um you know uh okay so okay well I mean. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but you know okay you know uh uh you know okay um okay well I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact like uh well um um so I mean you know uh uh that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and okay like you know um okay so I mean like well so actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really uh well okay uh uh you know so you know okay well fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be like okay so you know like like like you know okay like doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in well you know okay uh um like well uh uh so the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody um um um okay like like like uh okay uh Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he okay um you know um so okay you know I mean you know you know runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel um okay I mean I mean like okay I mean I mean you know like visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started you know um um um so you know um well so okay. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby so I mean well okay I mean well so um you know like of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of like um um like uh um you know so okay I mean Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions I mean I mean um so so so you know you know okay um have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy you know you know so uh so well like well like I mean these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every you know um I mean I mean well you know okay um okay um Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups I mean so well okay so so uh like um I mean follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 so like like um I mean okay so I mean okay like 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk um I mean uh okay uh so well so so so now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low well so uh um um you know um uh um so here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here so okay um I mean okay uh I mean okay like well to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give you uh well you know well I mean well well okay I mean so our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time tuning uh so so I mean like okay um so you know you know in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network I mean I mean okay uh um okay I mean I mean well like. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course your um like I mean I mean you know well like uh like um Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said yeah so uh okay uh um like okay okay well you know. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got okay uh uh so well so I mean uh um uh me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host so well like so you know okay uh okay I mean uh here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be so okay okay okay uh okay you know I mean uh okay next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything in uh I mean like I mean like so well I mean well well between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also much so well okay okay well like um well okay like what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this is like uh okay okay uh you know uh uh uh I mean probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, you see uh uh I mean uh uh like um um so um one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to bash me so well like well okay uh uh so like so a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV um like well well you know like like I mean like I mean talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys like I mean uh well I mean okay okay okay uh so are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're so okay okay okay well uh um you know well you know here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how we I mean okay like uh so well like okay well like do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on well like um okay like you know I mean like well so the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may okay okay so uh I mean um okay well okay you know have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a um well like like so so you know like you know okay Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid uh uh well like well so I mean um uh I mean alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien I mean um you know you know I mean uh well so uh um and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our so so you know you know I mean uh like you know like like show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old like uh so you know um uh well okay um well aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah like well uh like well like like okay like like familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for okay well so well so okay so like well well this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to um so okay you know I mean I mean okay well you know well do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have I mean well you know um um okay okay uh well well my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's uh like uh well like you know okay uh so well our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen so you know like um okay okay okay um like so. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like um you know like so like I mean I mean like so well they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast okay so so well okay well uh well well uh that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set um um I mean um I mean well okay I mean you know like designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with like you know I mean um well uh so okay um um musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the so uh I mean well um um well so I mean like curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight you know uh I mean okay I mean you know well um uh like class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series I mean um so I mean well I mean okay uh okay um presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very uh like well okay uh I mean okay uh okay um first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November like okay like like um uh well uh uh so 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a you know um like okay you know I mean like you know well like very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as so okay uh like okay so okay okay okay so questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on well you know I mean um so um you know like you know uh our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling um well okay so so well okay I mean okay uh. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's well so uh like I mean like so well uh okay the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools so okay well okay well so okay so okay well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay you know you know uh you know uh uh like uh you know computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean you know okay uh like you know I mean um well well podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with okay uh um you know um I mean like you know I mean okay no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download so uh you know okay well well okay uh um uh the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank okay so like um uh so I mean well so you know you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This is the you know well I mean um um I mean uh well like I mean Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just okay well um well well okay uh you know I mean so kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little bit of you know well so I mean uh um okay okay I mean okay this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you um well uh so you know um like like okay well follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or like I mean you know like so okay okay so I mean you know if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you I mean like I mean well well I mean so I mean you know so can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane uh you know well okay okay uh you know okay well like or wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram like like well you know uh like like you know uh so. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search you know well so you know you know like uh okay okay so for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein okay I mean I mean you know you know uh uh I mean so you know I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you I mean so like okay I mean I mean like like so like guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few you know you know like you know um okay like um okay like sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a uh like so okay I mean so I mean well I mean okay mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know like like I mean um okay I mean you know um well okay across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It you know so um you know I mean um um like like okay just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be like um you know well so okay so like um uh halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready to like so like like I mean so like well uh uh introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll be cheering um you know I mean um you know I mean um uh uh uh with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of a uh well you know so like like so so well you know Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There okay so like well um so you know I mean uh uh are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to like you know well uh I mean okay well uh like I mean your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm okay so okay I mean well like um I mean uh well Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be so okay like I mean like I mean like like I mean well serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to um you know I mean okay so like I mean you know okay okay be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets uh um I mean okay you know okay well okay like like Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of um so like uh okay like so um I mean well fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I so um uh so you know um so uh you know uh dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to like I mean um like so I mean well you know um well wake would that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor okay um you know so like well so uh uh I mean fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and so so well um well you know um you know uh I mean happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler like well okay like well well okay you know so I mean. I'm Brian and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no uh okay like like uh um um um I mean you know premise. There's no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the you know um so so so uh okay so like um biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just so okay okay like like you know like um okay so such a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this okay you know well I mean well um so like uh uh males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us you know well okay well so you know you know like like like field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a uh like um I mean I mean uh okay you know okay well shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter so you know so um well okay I mean you know uh I mean and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that uh well you know um so um like like okay um are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce uh well I mean I mean like okay like okay so so each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each uh uh well you know okay you know you know I mean you know you know new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be um so like um you know okay uh well um okay covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from um so okay so okay uh um okay well okay and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you I mean um you know so like I mean okay well well well do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I well like um okay like you know well like I mean like would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable I mean like okay I mean you know um uh I mean well like at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of you know you know uh I mean um uh well you know okay uh poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use well well so like like you know okay like so like for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I uh like uh like well well okay I mean you know um just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right um um um okay you know like well um well um from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my mind that I'm um so I mean so like so I mean uh I mean you know out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I so um um so so like you know like well well uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it like like you know you know so so I mean um uh uh. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute like okay okay um like I mean okay I mean so I mean your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it you know you know so um okay okay um okay I mean um and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have for you know uh like well so um well you know um um you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like delicious okay okay well like um so okay um like okay olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to you know well well okay you know uh you know uh like I mean go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just okay okay I mean I mean okay so like well well so like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies like well I mean you know I mean like like okay I mean um and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low you know uh uh okay well um like okay um like prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary I mean you know uh well well uh um uh well you know sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and okay you know uh uh so um uh okay okay I mean how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure um um um uh um okay okay so I mean you know to hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you so uh so you know you know so well I mean uh uh thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at okay um so um um okay I mean uh you know I mean some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome um well uh um um uh I mean well you know well. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats uh uh okay well okay uh um like uh I mean on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long so well I mean uh I mean well you know well okay you know arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1 well um so well you know I mean like you know I mean uh. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually so well well you know uh well um so okay you know want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and okay um like like well um okay um well like podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag well uh uh I mean you know okay like um uh okay garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on um so well okay I mean well uh I mean uh um weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like okay okay so um you know like I mean okay like um listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom okay well well like like I mean so like so uh. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast okay you know I mean like okay uh well you know well okay today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks well so okay um uh you know well okay okay I mean about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and so like I mean um so so I mean okay um you know sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you um you know uh well um I mean you know uh um uh thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working so um you know so you know I mean I mean so like like on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the um I mean so you know so well okay like uh you know wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a so well like uh so you know um okay uh you know Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as uh so so like okay like um like I mean um people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas like I mean okay um like like well uh I mean so often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open well I mean well um uh so so like you know like dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to like you know um so um I mean uh so okay I mean teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you like okay I mean so well like uh I mean like I mean have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at like um okay um you know I mean I mean I mean so um God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of okay I mean well okay okay well okay well well I mean our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a you know so um um you know I mean um okay I mean okay fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all I mean like like you know like you know okay um so um right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were so okay I mean well um I mean um like so well just really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were um um I mean um okay okay okay um well uh busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney well I mean so I mean like um so well uh okay personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's you know so uh um uh I mean like you know okay like cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is okay like so uh like you know um um like well capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, uh uh I mean okay like like okay I mean um you know such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not uh so well well I mean okay you know like so I mean reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this you know you know uh well uh you know okay like um well podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but so you know so uh I mean well um so well I mean without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you like well well you know uh um like so so um orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets I mean like well like uh like okay you know uh you know worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey like I mean you know well so uh okay okay uh uh tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about okay like well okay you know um so I mean okay okay anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's like like you know like like okay like I mean I mean you know free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have um um uh okay um um so I mean I mean uh to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's um okay I mean you know so okay well um uh you know creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh you know so like so I mean you know uh well well Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some I mean okay okay like well like okay you know uh um studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you okay uh uh like uh I mean you know I mean like okay where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one of you know well so well like uh uh so so uh us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've like so you know well like you know um uh um uh had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the you know so okay um like uh okay okay you know uh voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on you know uh okay so you know uh like well so you know Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All like so well well like so you know um um okay right. So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll okay um like like you know uh okay I mean I mean you know be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a like well uh I mean like you know so uh you know okay really weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a um well I mean like well I mean so uh so um World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just so so um I mean so well you know like um I mean I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my so you know I mean I mean uh so okay um um um predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the you know like you know I mean okay okay okay okay um um top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying um well um so um I mean okay like um like back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the you know okay I mean okay you know uh okay okay uh um World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the I mean like okay you know um you know well okay uh uh game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune in you know like uh well uh like you know um well um right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you know you know uh okay you know um okay well like um you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the uh um well okay well okay you know um uh um 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast okay okay um um you know um well uh I mean like thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori um um so so okay well like uh like you know podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to uh like okay um I mean okay um okay uh um receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part um uh uh well uh um well like um like of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take like uh you know uh so I mean so I mean uh I mean a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that so well okay you know I mean you know you know okay okay you know Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we uh so like okay uh well I mean you know uh well like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much well like so okay you know like well um you know I mean like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it uh well well I mean well okay so okay well I mean isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we I mean I mean okay uh uh okay okay you know I mean you know offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out okay you know okay I mean well so okay okay uh well our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor ecom uh so um um so like um you know um so. Subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a so you know well so you know I mean okay you know I mean you know while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to well well uh like okay so um you know okay well have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the um you know well you know like um well like uh um conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up so okay uh well so um um I mean um uh from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode so so um so so like well I mean well well. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to I mean well so okay I mean so you know okay uh um leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this uh um so you know you know I mean like okay well I mean on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest you know you know okay you know okay okay like uh okay okay some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to uh well so well like okay um uh I mean well talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I okay so well like I mean uh okay well I mean so know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you know like so so well uh um like well okay you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented well uh okay so like I mean I mean uh uh like athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but like well like so you know I mean I mean I mean uh like they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging I mean okay well so okay okay so uh well uh your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing um I mean so uh okay uh okay so um um than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest so uh so like you know like you know so um so scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman um so well so uh um I mean so like um was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional okay well well uh you know okay um um okay um staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was you know so so well well um like like um you know getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few um like um I mean you know so I mean okay well like years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau um um I mean you know I mean well so so well you know had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard you know well like uh like um I mean like I mean uh thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could I mean okay I mean so um so so you know so well play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I talked you know uh well uh you know okay you know well so so a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and why well you know I mean like okay so you know okay like like that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at had an you know uh like um um um like okay so I mean amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on uh okay I mean uh you know you know um well like um what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and spirit um well well I mean you know um uh you know um okay and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time ago you know so you know well I mean you know like like uh well. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my apologies on uh okay you know well um okay uh like um well that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly what that schedule um well so um I mean you know so uh okay uh is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just be on well okay so uh um I mean uh so so well the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed you know uh you know I mean I mean I mean you know like you know you know and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we um uh uh so um well like like like um chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and uh well so I mean so okay so like well uh sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the okay so you know um so like so I mean uh you know inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim um uh so like okay you know well well like so to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in I mean I mean I mean um you know so I mean so okay I mean their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the world uh so um well like um like okay I mean so of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects you know so I mean like well so so like so okay every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most like like um okay well you know okay well well so fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short clips from some okay you know well so you know you know okay so um um of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method like well well I mean um like okay you know like like and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can well uh I mean like like you know well uh um like find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a um um like so um um uh uh well I mean list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're um you know well I mean so like so uh like okay discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the you know you know uh okay so you know uh well um well boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are like uh um so well you know well like so I mean we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you uh okay you know well you know so like so so well said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but what's uh you know I mean um like like I mean um okay uh the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual you know well like like you know I mean uh uh so so name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just like uh um um like I mean well uh like okay a block away for over four years going it to the University um so I mean you know I mean okay you know so um uh of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more okay like okay uh I mean you know like so I mean I mean voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast I mean uh um okay you know um um like okay well to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding okay well okay um well um I mean okay so so before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an like I mean I mean well um uh well well you know I mean easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great you know um well um I mean I mean okay I mean I mean so podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make well I mean like like so so um well you know like a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to okay okay uh um you know okay so um I mean like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute um I mean I mean like um well um you know you know um your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well I mean I mean like um you know so um uh like many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership okay you know well I mean okay um I mean um well uh. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're so okay well uh um like okay I mean so like interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm well uh you know I mean like so um like okay um Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week you know so um so okay so well um like so starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the so you know um okay so uh uh uh like I mean past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and I mean well uh I mean so um um um uh uh Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're okay well okay I mean uh okay like like so so going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting um so okay you know uh um okay like so you know them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit well like okay uh you know okay I mean like like you know beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, okay uh you know okay okay well um like so you know but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far as well okay well um okay well well I mean um uh been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring uh okay so you know you know well I mean I mean uh uh a room in the village hall for the evening of September the so well well you know like uh okay well okay so first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our so uh uh I mean well okay okay so well like main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room well um uh okay okay okay so like so you know. Sorry the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to okay like okay you know I mean like uh well um okay 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're so so well I mean well well like well so I mean hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable like you know you know well you know okay like um um you know for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a well so uh um so so well um okay well podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky you know you know um like um I mean um okay so well nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like I mean like I mean I mean uh like I mean you know well like a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal like um okay well well okay so like you know so. It's terrible. We usually record In advance and we caught up on all uh uh um you know well you know like I mean uh you know of our episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes um uh well well like okay so you know well I mean. Yes. I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do okay um well okay like you know so um uh like you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm well like uh um you know like like like uh so Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and uh like well uh uh um so you know I mean uh pleasure normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to um um so um like well I mean like okay well the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down okay okay okay uh so so okay so like uh with the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was you know I mean okay like like well you know like uh you know an amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How so um uh so like I mean uh like you know um do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum uh like I mean uh um okay I mean okay you know like void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women I mean you know well so well um like like um um who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about okay you know well I mean uh so um so like I mean the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is well you know okay I mean like okay you know well uh I mean the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a so well I mean I mean um like uh I mean like uh friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first uh you know you know like like uh I mean you know you know okay oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going okay you know like so okay well okay um well I mean to do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want you know so you know um um like well well I mean okay to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and like like um um you know well like okay you know um how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of so like so okay okay so well so okay um ton of money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor well I mean okay okay uh well um I mean uh you know it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit so you know um you know I mean like you know um like you know your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you uh like like so so I mean like well uh you know so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you like well well you know like uh you know you know okay so can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum I mean so I mean um uh uh okay um I mean well listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do uh well like okay so okay I mean okay well I mean it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny okay like well I mean um you know um I mean well like England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab um so you know um well I mean well well um well your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll you know like I mean I mean um well you know um like uh. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry to I mean uh so um okay like uh so well like talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen I mean uh well well I mean um okay I mean well so to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it time I mean okay so so like you know like okay I mean you know to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn you know uh like you know you know so you know um I mean uh to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at times you know um you know like um I mean you know um okay so to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the Full Effect well you know okay you know you know um so I mean uh you know one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So what okay okay so okay so you know I mean so uh like we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need okay like okay okay um okay I mean um um well to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, like okay like so like like well so uh um this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point well you know like okay um like so well I mean okay and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so well well I mean I mean uh uh uh um uh well cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of okay like uh um uh um um uh okay uh my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine um like well I mean like like well you know um um during our time together. And so today we are going to be having so I mean you know well like so you know okay I mean um a conversation about her journey that led up to her and I working together where I mean well um okay you know okay uh like um okay she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that you well like so I mean you know well um well you know uh can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails I mean uh uh uh um well so uh you know well and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch so uh like you know well I mean you know well you know well of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you know um um you know so you know uh I mean well like you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm I mean you know I mean uh okay I mean I mean so you know um gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my uh well okay well you know so you know uh I mean I mean hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a well okay like um uh like well uh well well normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm I mean like like I mean um I mean I mean I mean like I mean them and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess I mean okay well like you know like okay well I mean like. Yeah, so I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's so okay like uh I mean you know well well uh uh happened in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was um well uh I mean I mean um I mean well like okay kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So you know okay I mean you know um I mean so so uh uh Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, okay okay so like uh okay so um okay um I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up okay you know like uh okay uh like um um okay on Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to like I mean you know so uh um uh well so um be boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously um well so I mean okay I mean well like okay like like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the like uh you know uh like I mean so okay like like movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, uh uh you know like okay like uh uh um so and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about well uh you know you know like like uh well um like them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to I mean like okay you know well um okay uh um okay talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so much like okay so you know I mean um so like uh you know for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires well I mean you know so okay well um I mean well well you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go well um you know I mean so like okay so okay like check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as I mean I mean um okay okay like okay so okay uh a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity I mean uh you know um um I mean I mean well like uh to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something like so like well uh so I mean well uh you know in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we uh okay like okay okay I mean okay um I mean I mean are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit um I mean so well well like I mean um so I mean to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes you know um I mean I mean okay so well uh okay you know discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme um so uh um I mean you know you know so you know okay Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 in you know uh um well I mean um so okay I mean so a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a uh well like um um I mean uh so uh you know pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down I mean well so well like well you know you know uh okay by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from uh so like you know you know um okay uh uh um Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days uh um uh I mean well okay I mean um you know well of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm well I mean I mean like um um like okay uh so talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a well um well so uh well um so you know like national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as so um well like so uh well uh I mean okay the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in um so uh you know so okay I mean so like um 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one like well well okay uh like um like like uh of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been you know so so uh uh like okay you know uh okay accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this um you know well um okay like um um I mean like past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba okay um you know so well uh like uh like so is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's um uh okay um um like I mean like okay you know life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only okay I mean well so like I mean well well you know you know the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on so well I mean um so so so uh um like your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject like so like like um so you know so so like for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since so you know you know okay you know okay um you know like okay 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan like okay you know I mean I mean um I mean you know okay okay. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the like uh um you know okay okay uh like I mean like floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode uh you know so um well um well uh you know well of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the well like uh um you know uh well I mean like um airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like you know you know um you know so I mean okay like like okay to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor uh well um um uh you know so um like like Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I so so uh well so so so um you know you know did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it uh so okay you know so you know uh well you know like like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download okay I mean I mean uh like okay um uh uh like the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor you know uh you know you know uh you know like well like okay will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the well okay um um um so okay okay okay like major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need you know you know like okay you know uh well uh you know uh to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need uh you know like um uh like like well uh uh to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some I mean I mean okay uh so I mean okay well I mean so come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or um okay um like you know I mean so well um uh simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone I mean um well well so I mean so well you know um welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one uh well well well well okay I mean um well okay Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is like uh you know like okay okay you know uh you know uh the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about I mean um like like like you know so like like um that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by like so uh um so like like like you know so selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a little I mean like um okay like you know like so I mean uh bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me well you know like so okay um um so okay I mean if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life I mean um um okay um you know like I mean um so. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed everybody's uh I mean uh you know so well uh um well uh life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in um I mean you know okay uh so like I mean um you know there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working um okay uh well you know so I mean uh so I mean right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid I mean um uh so like okay so I mean um um and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you like I mean like uh I mean um uh I mean so uh want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He said I well so like okay uh I mean well uh so you know want to tell you about something that I found out they if you haven't I mean you know uh I mean so well you know so you know well heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's well well um uh um you know so so so like called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles so you know uh so well okay you know okay you know I mean Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got like you know well you know I mean uh I mean okay well I mean a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop so so okay you know I mean um like so so uh on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's um uh I mean I mean uh okay um I mean okay like going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still like like so okay so I mean um uh like well saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So I mean um I mean okay uh uh well I mean well uh let's fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is um um um you know you know okay okay okay you know okay this is an interesting one and something I've been working on for a uh uh um well so um um um I mean well while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the I mean okay okay I mean um uh like uh well um Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the uh okay uh um so uh you know so you know you know business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 okay I mean like like okay uh so so so so 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to um like you know I mean uh like like you know I mean so visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the okay like well um well uh uh I mean you know I mean author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in uh like like okay I mean well okay uh you know you know a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give um um uh uh you know well um uh you know so up things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial um uh so well okay uh uh you know you know uh anxiety and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each well well well you know like um okay okay well well lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at well uh I mean well so you know um you know you know uh a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial well okay uh well like so okay well um you know accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging uh so you know um well you know okay you know I mean um to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and well well okay uh okay like I mean I mean you know um how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the uh like I mean okay uh you know you know like uh you know Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick uh like um okay so I mean like uh well so schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional you know like uh well um um um so well so career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is uh okay um you know like so okay uh okay well a podcast about taking The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while um so like like okay okay well uh like I mean navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey so well well okay so okay I mean you know like well. I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert you know okay you know so um well you know you know like uh creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long like um so well you know um you know uh well like list of things to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here like I mean like like so so I mean okay you know like every week. I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I like like okay like um like okay well like like admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot okay I mean like I mean like you know um so I mean you know beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun so um okay I mean okay well um like okay like. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments you know um uh well uh like I mean so so you know participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess well uh uh uh okay you know well um like okay that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy so okay um uh like um like you know you know um is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page like like you know um like uh okay well well okay Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not um okay you know you know so well I mean well I mean um reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of uh well I mean okay I mean so you know you know okay um this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay okay you know okay uh I mean uh okay okay I mean you know filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay okay uh so okay like so so I mean uh me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and um well um you know I mean so uh uh well well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast uh I mean um well uh you know like well so uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you know I mean so okay uh you know okay I mean well I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to you know um you know well okay so okay um so so make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM um you know you know uh uh you know you know like well okay to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited you know well um uh you know like uh okay I mean um about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion uh well like uh so like uh like I mean so assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about you know um uh okay I mean um you know well well well how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony like so well okay um uh okay I mean um like in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that you know I mean well uh like well I mean you know um uh the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced well like you know you know so I mean okay uh well well. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John okay well uh so like you know um you know I mean okay 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I so you know you know like um um so I mean well um Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will I mean um um I mean okay you know you know um so I mean remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in um um I mean okay well well I mean well well well his love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you uh you know okay well like okay like I mean so well and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other well well you know I mean well like you know uh you know you know as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay um okay uh well um okay I mean okay I mean you know down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I uh so so well you know uh uh you know well you know want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy um like well uh I mean uh um I mean you know I mean this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's so you know well so so so um uh so like totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay I mean I mean um you know um I mean like like um your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be okay um like well well so you know um so you know heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make so like um um um like okay okay you know uh money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free so like like like uh um you know okay okay like. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up guys today? We um uh well you know you know uh okay well I mean like have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that mankind has been asking okay like um so you know well so uh um you know itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I think every single you know well okay like I mean uh you know so okay um human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's I mean so uh so like well so I mean like well. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just I mean well so I mean you know you know um well okay uh playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with you know uh um well okay well well um well like formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead I mean um so so like uh like like well you know. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired well like um okay uh you know um okay uh so on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This well I mean I mean so okay uh I mean um well well is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or you know uh I mean okay I mean you know well okay so you know driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video uh you know okay like I mean like you know I mean you know um version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do uh so you know well okay so um I mean well um leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into uh um so I mean you know like okay I mean um you know this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment well um you know like you know like uh well okay uh a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of uh okay I mean um um you know okay you know I mean okay Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You you know I mean I mean well so like okay like uh well could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate you know I mean uh so okay well uh I mean well okay him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that like so so so uh like so you know um well laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation well well so okay well I mean okay um uh like with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged I mean I mean um so uh well like like um so to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist you know uh I mean I mean uh um you know I mean um so DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both so like um you know um like so okay so I mean fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate I mean okay you know you know okay um um okay like okay Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake like okay uh like like well um like like I mean and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying so like okay so you know um so so so I mean how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no um uh you know um like like um you know um you know accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any I mean I mean you know well well so um I mean I mean you know accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed I mean well um well like like I mean I mean you know uh and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or you know um like um okay okay so so uh I mean a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another you know I mean I mean um you know uh um you know um okay user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at I mean you know so so um like I mean well um uh College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness I mean you know well you know so like uh um so uh in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? so uh um um uh I mean okay you know um like I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is you know um you know you know okay you know okay like uh uh going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's so like well I mean um um um like okay so podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? uh you know you know okay you know I mean um like like like It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good so well well well okay I mean okay uh so I mean Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college like okay well I mean well um okay uh you know I mean definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about so you know um well like you know I mean um I mean I mean in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I came like you know I mean you know okay you know I mean well well uh there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way well so well um you know okay like okay uh I mean to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide well um you know um um like like uh well okay you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me uh uh uh I mean uh so so so I mean uh to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember I mean like well uh so well um like I mean um Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy you know um uh you know so I mean well well I mean so for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you so well so uh so um you know you know okay uh need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the you know okay um like um I mean I mean okay well um Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide I mean uh I mean um like well okay you know like I mean an exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is um uh okay I mean okay uh you know uh you know um from Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have uh I mean like I mean so I mean you know so okay um learned how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your uh uh I mean like like well um you know you know uh enemy. But I say this to you love your enemies and pray for well like like um I mean like well um uh okay those who persecute you in this way. You will be sons of your father um so uh like uh um well okay um like in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad men as well so like you know um um I mean you know so um so as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f so like uh you know okay uh uh um you know you know m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need okay so um well I mean I mean like you know okay you know to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including like so like okay I mean like um like uh I mean Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with no minimum so um um I mean okay um um um I mean okay listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot um I mean you know like um okay well well like like f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with you know uh you know you know uh you know like uh okay uh poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two birds you know uh well I mean well uh like well you know I mean the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley the representative for I mean okay uh okay uh like um you know okay so two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor to be like I mean you know I mean you know okay like you know I mean like performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 so uh I mean so like uh um um um I mean p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from two birds and like uh well well uh so um um so I mean we go through the episode and we try and have a taste of all of um like like like I mean uh okay um uh I mean them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes so you know you know I mean like like um um well well on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad well like um like um um okay I mean you know so Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and uh you know well you know um you know well okay like um then encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or so you know you know so okay okay I mean like like so did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this uh uh like so um okay well I mean I mean well follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due uh uh um um well okay um okay okay um to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions like like like like so I mean well I mean I mean you know of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one okay like like well so um um you know um so word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast um you know so well um I mean like so I mean okay. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that so well well I mean I mean I mean okay like you know uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And you know well okay well uh you know you know okay you know well once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast okay I mean well okay I mean like so like you know um too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now I mean well you know uh I mean uh like okay like um not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's well I mean you know I mean I mean like so so I mean uh possible for you to make money talking about the things that you love well so uh you know uh I mean okay well like well with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good so okay so you know like okay okay okay so like to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for so uh um so um well well uh I mean I mean this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and like you know well I mean okay I mean uh so uh you know Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here so uh um like okay well um well okay okay. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who um uh I mean um okay so um um I mean uh aren't listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty um you know I mean uh I mean uh uh okay I mean okay show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening I mean I mean uh like like okay uh well like um to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for you know okay well um like uh you know like well so the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it like well so I mean like uh so okay so uh look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this well um um I mean so like uh well okay like already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus so you know like um so okay like so uh uh out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on well okay like uh uh okay like well um I mean Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download um I mean so so um uh um uh um uh and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred like like okay okay like um okay you know I mean um eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 okay you know uh um okay like okay well so okay player. Before we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to uh you know like so I mean uh uh okay okay okay talk to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from so like uh well well I mean okay okay I mean okay Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this I mean uh so so I mean I mean I mean um well um amazing interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special like I mean you know well I mean okay well you know well well needs to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and like well so um I mean so well um like um caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host many like you know um like uh well um uh you know like of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you haven't well you know so uh um you know I mean like like well heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest most efficient like so like okay you know um so I mean like um way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no minimum okay um well well I mean um so uh okay so listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record and I mean like I mean um well so um you know okay well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for like like I mean I mean uh okay well well uh um you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other well okay I mean uh like well I mean like like like platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to I mean you know you know okay I mean I mean okay uh so um make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor um okay okay you know okay so okay like um um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is like uh I mean like uh like so I mean um uh it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor uh well well I mean I mean I mean you know okay like so Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know like um well uh uh I mean you know well uh so about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring uh um like uh um well so I mean um uh and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me I mean um so uh so uh well like okay okay something to work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like like uh like well okay well so well okay uh we're answering August questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's okay I mean I mean uh so so well well I mean you know interested in that stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice well you know like like um uh uh you know like I mean under our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start okay um like you know so uh well so I mean so with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list okay um okay okay like uh well so you know okay yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a uh uh okay uh um um I mean okay so uh list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday I mean okay um I mean like well like so um well and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, so um you know well um you know okay like okay like but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast okay okay so like you know uh well you know so so. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again you know um okay like so I mean okay well okay uh through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the um like you know um like so uh so uh okay time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my well you know uh you know so okay I mean like uh so good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from so I mean okay well so I mean uh well I mean like Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today so okay uh you know I mean um um okay I mean I mean we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what you know okay so well uh you know uh like um um that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little bit I mean like I mean like okay like so you know um well about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection of like um like uh so you know so well well I mean my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in the Merit okay okay uh um you know uh like uh I mean I mean sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to her um uh uh uh so so okay so well okay proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age. And well well okay I mean I mean you know okay so so like as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory and like like uh you know you know so okay okay you know okay Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew like um like uh I mean um um okay um I mean is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out uh like okay like well I mean uh well okay I mean for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert like I mean I mean uh you know um you know uh so so. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it I mean like uh um so I mean okay um uh uh survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this okay um uh okay um you know so uh I mean okay is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to the Aztec I mean you know um like uh uh okay um like um breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined by anybody uh like you know I mean I mean uh so um uh so today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said today the like so well I mean uh well so you know okay I mean plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of the week to come up um uh um you know um you know okay well I mean well with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, I woke like well like well um you know so um okay like up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're okay so like like well I mean okay um you know you know your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about um so you know you know like like uh like um um the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by like okay okay so uh um like okay okay so a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and like you know um well okay like okay I mean uh well leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support yourselves like like I mean okay um you know um you know okay well a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a I mean you know uh um well okay like like um like customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails well well you know you know uh uh um well well okay done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you I mean well like okay I mean like well um you know um how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years uh I mean you know so you know I mean I mean like uh you know to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually like you know like well I mean I mean well um okay uh be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police to um like okay so like I mean I mean um okay well connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who got you know you know well like like like like well I mean um the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled okay I mean okay I mean well like um uh I mean well sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on uh you know um I mean um okay I mean um you know well May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, uh uh so you know like you know I mean like uh like Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let me tell you know uh uh okay like I mean uh so okay um you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first you know like um uh you know okay uh you know I mean okay. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow like uh so you know you know so I mean um well um you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will um I mean I mean um okay well I mean um um I mean distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and well you know um so so so you know like like okay many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from well I mean okay uh um you know well okay so I mean your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast I mean uh like um uh you know you know um well well in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out uh I mean I mean okay well well like um like okay there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh I mean uh uh okay well you know like like like get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of like I mean so well you know well you know I mean um you know your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You you know you know I mean so you know like um like you know okay don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts I mean so well well you know so um you know um okay on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my beach well you know uh so okay well okay like you know I mean hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good day. We're using uh uh I mean um um like I mean you know uh well the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So okay you know uh so okay you know um I mean well uh we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like that's that's well like well uh you know uh uh I mean like okay us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great okay so um um um well so okay so I mean stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay. That okay I mean well you know well I mean okay so you know I mean was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk um so like um okay okay um I mean uh like about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um I mean um well okay I mean so well um like. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your like I mean you know like I mean I mean I mean I mean okay I mean podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you um so uh uh so well um okay um you know so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can uh so okay um I mean like I mean uh um okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you um like so you know well well okay like um um need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or so okay um okay uh um I mean um well uh go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to love this you know you know like I mean so I mean well I mean like uh one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you well okay I mean like um well well I mean so you know by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and I mean uh uh well so uh well you know I mean okay distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is okay um like uh okay well well like so you know. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out okay well um okay I mean I mean well uh okay I mean anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms okay you know so like okay I mean well okay you know like. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from you know well uh um um you know well well like uh a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice like like you know I mean like um well uh you know okay podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or uh uh okay um okay like uh well well um go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, well so okay okay well well uh like like uh bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, well I mean uh well well well so well okay I mean man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom well uh uh um I mean you know well so I mean you know wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell you know you know you know okay um I mean so I mean like so and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven um like I mean you know you know I mean okay well uh so I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to so well like okay okay you know so well uh well go over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities I mean um well I mean you know so okay you know well uh. I think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember I mean like like uh okay like uh like uh so what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I uh um so I mean okay like you know you know um so personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake well you know okay so you know like um I mean well like covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to so um you know so well um uh well so I mean guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life well like okay so like well you know okay well uh and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and I mean um well you know I mean okay well okay uh well accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs so like like well you know I mean okay so so you know. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting like okay okay okay okay uh you know well you know you know coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert okay so like so I mean like um uh well you know extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and I mean uh you know so okay like well I mean well okay on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by clicking so uh so so I mean so so well uh uh visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if like okay okay um um you know I mean so well so you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask that so I mean okay uh well um so I mean so well is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old well you know so you know so okay I mean uh uh um Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert like well you know um you know um I mean so like um Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I well I mean I mean well uh um okay you know um okay assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but like um uh uh okay um so like like so the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a uh I mean you know uh well so um uh okay so propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time uh I mean like you know I mean like well um um you know or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking uh so uh like uh um well I mean you know um six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a I mean I mean okay um so well okay so like okay lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We you know well okay uh you know so um like like well are to business owners looking for a better way in business and life this well uh uh I mean well you know well okay so okay week. We're looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so well um like well you know okay um well so so you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week okay I mean you know you know uh so I mean uh um uh because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized um well okay you know well so you know well okay uh so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I okay um well okay so I mean so like uh um read this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind so you know uh I mean I mean uh uh um so I mean of made their way into my routine because I was aware of a okay you know well so okay well I mean I mean uh okay way to do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? I mean um you know like um I mean I mean I mean uh so Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it well okay like uh um well uh uh you know you know. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello well like like okay like so um uh you know okay. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for uh uh well okay so like well well so so haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the uh so so so okay um you know well uh uh title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator so well um well like I mean like um you know okay is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, like like you know I mean uh so okay um you know so Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating like I mean you know like you know well well um you know so Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when well um uh I mean you know I mean like I mean okay so I was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 okay I mean so you know um like uh okay okay like or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether well well I mean I mean um like I mean uh so I mean I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I okay um so um I mean um I mean I mean um okay was a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of so I mean I mean like okay I mean you know so um you know Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter of like uh um so like okay like like you know you know Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome to uh well well well well you know like you know well uh Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the legends of uh um you know I mean uh um like uh you know um runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside um okay um so um I mean um like I mean so of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit of okay so so well like so well uh you know you know an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our okay um like okay okay well uh so okay like schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen uh like uh um well so okay uh okay so to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without um I mean uh you know um so uh well you know um a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic so well uh you know like um uh uh um well plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users you know well uh like you know you know like so so you know can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what I mean you know so well I mean so you know I mean um like you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so well you know okay um uh um you know like like like already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify so I mean well um like like I mean uh um okay or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me you know so so well um like like like okay so. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal you know uh you know well um I mean I mean I mean well okay Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals okay um uh uh well well uh uh um uh by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric I mean I mean you know so okay well um like uh uh traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior um so you know uh so well okay um well like and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than well I mean uh so well okay so so I mean I mean 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation well uh you know I mean like well like well like um open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of I mean okay so like uh um okay okay um so these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And uh well I mean you know okay okay you know um like uh these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common uh well so uh you know okay so like I mean um than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than so I mean um I mean well well okay um so you know 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall I mean so I mean well so um I mean okay um you know the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at lap record, so um uh um so um you know I mean okay like but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that all um okay so uh well I mean uh you know well I mean of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun in okay okay okay like you know um I mean so so so the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if well um like uh okay so okay so um uh there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello everybody and so uh okay okay well so so you know uh you know thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you who um so uh uh well okay you know okay uh um don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major news dropped uh like um you know well like uh you know you know like today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know how much time you know uh you know I mean I mean um uh well well you know you've had to think about this but this is a new story that really does so you know so uh okay well you know okay okay so impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you have any uh so so you know so so I mean okay okay so idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured so well like uh uh well you know so um you know we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did you know like well like I mean okay uh you know uh so as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was you know well okay okay okay uh like well you know like and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister. I uh so uh so well you know you know like okay um cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets to you know like uh uh um uh well um I mean okay come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you want okay um uh like so like um like you know um the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey you know like uh um so um like I mean like okay guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear so like okay like well I mean uh like you know you know Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At well so so uh well um so you know like so Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he well you know okay so so um uh I mean well uh asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's okay like I mean like you know you know I mean you know like um really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and you know so well I mean you know so I mean I mean well so how vital it is to know what your core values are so you can create culture so you know so I mean um you know so well you know so within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming you know um you know um um you know so so you know um to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent I mean like well like so I mean like so um okay Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of um uh like uh well you know like um okay so Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we like so like I mean uh you know um so you know okay outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty I mean uh so well I mean you know I mean I mean um so badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know so well I mean okay well well like so okay so if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been um um well well uh uh okay you know uh I mean a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know um okay you know I mean okay like um you know like well brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime like okay so well so okay okay so um okay scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to uh like so okay like um like well okay okay the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm like you know like like um you know okay uh so so here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're uh you know okay I mean I mean you know um well you know I mean the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's so like um well you know like well um okay uh great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that okay I mean uh so okay I mean like I mean okay uh if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach well so um uh um okay um uh like I mean out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three I mean um well well well well you know so uh okay one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car like well um so like well so so I mean you know can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget so I mean well okay okay uh okay you know well okay or family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find okay okay you know you know well so um you know well uh it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate so well I mean um so well like I mean uh so. I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't well I mean uh well uh like uh I mean I mean um you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars okay um okay so like so uh okay like okay in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it like um I mean I mean so uh okay well okay okay honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out well I mean so you know I mean you know well you know like I mean of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap uh like like okay I mean um I mean you know uh you know my head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So uh uh um well uh like well um okay you know that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a like well I mean uh so like um so okay well month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's okay you know so uh so well well like um like one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy like well like well you know so uh you know uh so car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and a husband you know like okay like well you know you know you know I mean so here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or like um so so so okay like um so uh not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks so okay uh uh you know uh like uh well okay 64 our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know so um uh like you know so like like uh so whoo-hoo today. We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part um well like I mean I mean you know you know I mean well so of an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what um um well well I mean I mean uh well um I mean we can glean from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which um you know okay you know like so um um like well is Really the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins so so well so uh so uh I mean well okay opaque and such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I I mean like well like um well I mean um so uh need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and so you know so I mean like so uh so um uh evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just so um I mean well um so I mean you know I mean I mean talking to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with you know um you know you know you know you know I mean uh so I mean the teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So so like um well you know um like like uh um we have a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development like um so so well like you know I mean so I mean trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into you know I mean you know well like uh you know I mean you know like music film and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to okay I mean you know uh so so uh I mean you know um feature me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for well you know I mean well so you know you know so okay so this strict back podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week you know like like so um so okay uh well well because I have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like well well uh um uh um so uh okay like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the like I mean well okay you know um you know uh you know so podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to I mean you know well well like um well um you know so find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, well so you know like well you know okay you know so well if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know you know so I mean okay uh like uh you know so um. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, so um uh okay like so like like okay like I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow um so you know you know like like well uh so well but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and like you know so like so you know uh um um so Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one I mean uh so so uh um like okay you know like sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this I mean I mean uh well I mean um um you know I mean you know is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea you know um I mean okay I mean so well okay I mean well one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and you know you know uh so you know well uh like I mean so sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you you know I mean like well so well okay okay you know well know might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the like like so like I mean okay you know uh um so gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and you know well uh you know um you know well um like I mean plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from you know you know um I mean okay I mean uh well you know um a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third well um uh you know like you know well um well I mean row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just uh I mean okay okay well so like I mean well I mean recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the I mean well uh okay um okay I mean well well well model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool um like I mean well um like okay like okay okay looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 uh so I mean uh um well okay I mean you know well Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires okay you know okay well I mean so you know well I mean um and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the um uh okay well well okay okay okay uh you know track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was like you know well like well you know um so like you know just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance well um like well uh um so okay okay uh Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die okay I mean uh like you know like um okay well you know Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one so like um okay okay like you know you know well like example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling I mean I mean uh like um okay you know well uh um you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use okay well you know well um like you know you know you know you know for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your um so I mean um uh um well well I mean like phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the um um so okay okay um okay well well so podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your so uh like you know like so um uh I mean okay podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you okay I mean well like you know I mean okay so like um need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type I mean well you know well um like okay okay you know okay of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes uh like so um you know so you know like well I mean I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I mean uh I mean you know uh well I mean okay well so I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're um okay I mean uh so like so well uh well going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going you know uh so uh you know you know well um so uh to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're having so okay uh I mean like I mean okay you know like well fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice you know like like you know well I mean okay well okay you know Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have okay I mean uh you know you know well so I mean okay like conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff um um um so uh well I mean um you know I mean game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer so uh you know you know okay well like okay okay okay. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you uh I mean like so well I mean I mean like like I mean could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing to like um okay I mean okay you know okay like um um listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things so you know well um you know well like so uh uh with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use like so uh um you know so you know so I mean uh Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me you know okay well uh I mean you know so like you know like too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because you know uh like well well you know I mean I mean like you know they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no like uh so well so like I mean like so I mean further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a so well uh okay okay like well uh like uh podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your I mean um I mean okay okay well like uh uh okay content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from okay so I mean um uh like uh I mean well you know your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So okay okay okay um like you know like well so uh you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to you know I mean I mean uh well like so you know well like Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can you know you know you know um uh so so like okay like make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want uh um so like um I mean well uh you know well in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to well uh uh um I mean um okay okay well I mean get it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on okay uh like okay okay uh uh like um um your anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library I mean okay okay um I mean I mean I mean I mean well uh to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about um well like okay okay I mean you know okay you know well anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a uh so okay you know uh uh well like okay I mean hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean um you know well um okay uh I mean I mean well podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do like uh you know like so uh okay like okay so the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like like you know you know so you know like you know okay um you know apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can I mean you know um um uh um okay like like I mean actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make um well like uh uh so you know um um you know a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot um uh okay well well okay you know uh I mean like f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people okay uh you know uh you know um um like you know uh like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name well uh so you know like uh I mean I mean um well is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of okay um you know well I mean okay you know okay you know you know my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and so okay I mean so okay you know like uh I mean so sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly uh well well uh um so um you know um so who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's well okay like so okay well uh you know I mean well your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my okay okay so okay I mean um you know uh uh okay guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid okay I mean well well okay um well you know you know so Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and um okay um okay um um um uh well so me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen well I mean like you know well so um so um um to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good you know you know like okay like I mean okay uh uh okay answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with you know um like I mean uh you know I mean so um so us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address I mean well uh um well well okay well like okay. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're like like like so you know you know I mean you know okay um listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the well well I mean you know uh I mean I mean so I mean like top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us so um okay okay you know well like well okay so from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of so okay I mean you know I mean I mean so uh well you know youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of like like so okay I mean uh uh like okay well age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports I mean okay uh like uh uh okay like I mean you know events from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness okay I mean um well um you know um uh I mean like special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little you know okay I mean you know you know well well like like you know League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while like well like you know like okay like I mean I mean so it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some well okay okay okay well um you know so so so 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the so uh like so like I mean okay uh I mean I mean blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even okay okay okay um like like so well you know uh come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about like you know so like so um I mean I mean like uh did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is uh I mean uh um so um I mean um well I mean coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going um well uh so so you know okay okay okay uh to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it you know okay you know okay you know so I mean um uh um kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm you know okay I mean so I mean I mean you know uh so so here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on so you know uh you know um so uh okay okay uh this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of you know I mean you know I mean like like I mean okay so well diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a well okay like I mean I mean so uh you know like well feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 okay you know so like well like okay okay so okay but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, you know um um like okay um so I mean I mean so so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So um well um like you know you know like I mean okay um I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just uh uh okay uh um so um okay like okay what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we okay so you know um uh okay well you know well uh are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk uh uh like okay okay so so I mean okay um of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some like uh I mean uh okay so like um I mean like detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to well I mean um uh well okay I mean uh you know uh talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic um well okay well well okay um um um okay impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get um like uh like well uh uh like okay so into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P um so uh you know uh um well okay so well frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo so I mean like um I mean well okay um okay you know no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap so um so uh um uh like like okay so brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's so okay like you know you know uh um okay okay I mean for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, uh I mean like you know okay I mean uh you know um like welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, well okay okay well uh I mean so well um you know but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but okay okay uh uh okay um like I mean uh you know we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be well okay um okay like you know so okay uh okay so don't get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be you know um so you know so you know um so okay um this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer you know well well well I mean so I mean uh so okay want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind well so so well um okay I mean so um I mean goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it you know well okay okay you know you know I mean okay uh okay. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring like I mean so so uh um so like you know like American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys I mean well I mean well so okay you know so well um of literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just um so uh I mean uh well so like like like gets it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me you know uh you know uh uh okay uh so uh you know today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really so okay so um I mean so okay uh okay well good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your you know uh so well like I mean um so well so host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical like so uh I mean well like well so like um Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people well like uh so like you know uh uh well well overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as uh you know so so I mean you know uh okay okay well we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively so okay you know I mean um like I mean um like like dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks okay I mean okay you know uh like so you know so um like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest I mean okay you know well like well you know okay well uh fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich well like so like um you know you know you know you know so full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to so so I mean so okay like I mean you know you know okay find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas uh uh okay so I mean so uh um well um where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio I mean I mean um um uh okay I mean well okay okay help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa well okay well like I mean so I mean you know uh um of holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health uh uh well like like you know so uh like um through the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author so you know like like like so well okay so you know Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others like so okay I mean well I mean you know I mean okay I mean find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She like um uh well okay well well so uh um is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and like well uh you know uh so okay I mean uh uh my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest you know I mean like uh um I mean well I mean you know so has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags so um um you know okay uh uh okay uh well. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream so um I mean um okay I mean um like um so big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got family you know so uh so um so um well well like in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you uh like uh okay okay so um uh okay I mean feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation like well uh well like I mean okay so um well. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking to you know like okay okay well so uh I mean so um you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real well okay so you know you know you know like so um uh talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to do is uh I mean uh so so like um uh I mean I mean just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth uh um so so I mean uh like um okay you know nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay you know um you know well well okay you know uh well so. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it um like okay like so like well uh you know um was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like uh I mean so I mean okay um um I mean like um you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like you know well okay you know you know well um um uh well. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today I mean you know I mean okay um okay uh okay I mean like. I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met like I mean I mean uh you know um I mean well I mean like let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to like well um okay like so you know you know you know I mean believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of so uh okay well like well um you know I mean I mean that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together okay I mean um uh so um okay like well okay. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, uh so I mean you know so uh uh uh uh you know but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the like uh you know you know um okay well like so I mean last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I well well like like so you know like okay well like met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going um okay so uh like like you know I mean um okay to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really uh I mean well like um so you know so okay you know good discussion. I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I I mean um um uh I mean so okay so so so need to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are okay you know okay like I mean okay you know I mean well um those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are well okay I mean so um um I mean you know so okay your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with um uh so I mean I mean I mean you know well you know I mean taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and so I mean okay I mean like okay okay I mean like um you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks I mean you know okay you know okay uh well um um I mean out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I so okay I mean so well I mean you know well okay I mean just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa okay I mean okay like I mean like um like um um City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will I mean I mean okay well well you know okay I mean okay like be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the well you know so um you know well so I mean like okay E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to well you know um well like you know well well like so play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about okay like I mean I mean um okay well like okay I mean fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the uh well like like like so um okay you know like podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in okay I mean I mean um like like you know uh well so that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works so you know like okay I mean okay um you know uh well hard towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am I mean okay um like you know you know uh like well okay joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream um um I mean like um uh so so okay okay speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it well well so so I mean like you know okay uh uh might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I okay um I mean well you know well like okay you know you know am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the um you know so you know um well okay you know so so woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours you know so okay like uh okay okay uh like well just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where like uh um like okay you know okay okay I mean uh they take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for uh I mean okay so so uh I mean um okay like two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot uh you know uh um um uh you know well um so that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same well you know so so well like like uh um you know time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good uh you know you know okay I mean um like you know like uh and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like uh okay like well okay like I mean um okay I mean I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the I mean uh uh um like um well okay like like world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the you know so so so okay I mean uh I mean okay so most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring I mean uh so um you know um so okay well so the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected you know um I mean so I mean um okay you know um so short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like well so okay you know you know you know well okay you know like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is uh so okay uh you know well uh well okay well you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts I mean like you know like so uh okay you know like I mean a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing um so like you know well like so I mean like like cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with okay okay like uh so you know like uh um like an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the like um uh I mean I mean well uh so okay uh last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and I mean so so so so I mean um okay like okay up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 I mean like well I mean well um like um so uh debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more so like um well I mean um like uh okay like than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the you know you know well like uh uh um well you know I mean US just this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how okay like well I mean well okay well so like like deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent like um well I mean so uh like well uh um of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the okay I mean you know uh uh well uh I mean you know so start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast you know I mean I mean well um like like well like well is based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of well okay like um well uh I mean I mean like I mean things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the okay okay so like you know okay okay well like so celebrity for them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life uh uh um you know you know I mean I mean uh okay okay and in their career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe so so like like well so so I mean so so haven't gone to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha I mean uh I mean well okay uh so uh like so and I'm the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with um well so okay okay you know okay so I mean okay me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life so okay I mean you know well like I mean so I mean you know. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for uh like well so well uh so um you know like sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point I mean well well well okay uh um like well I mean one. Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well you know okay okay so I mean okay okay I mean okay well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes I mean uh okay uh you know you know um um um I mean. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill uh so you know like okay like so like you know um you sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another uh um I mean okay um I mean you know um like okay action-packed episode for you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim so so so um like well okay uh okay um behind the glass on the ones and twos and the man the solution to you know I mean so I mean so you know okay like uh you know our audio that is Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To so I mean well um you know um uh um well I mean have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by so like so okay uh I mean um like I mean well now. All right, folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills you know um so well um okay um I mean like okay just to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and I mean so I mean uh I mean uh okay um you know um Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is their third generation um uh I mean well uh okay you know um well like trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one like like you know you know uh you know uh okay like um of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals like like you know you know um um okay well so um imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life I mean um well you know like you know well um you know you know others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives uh like I mean well well okay I mean um I mean okay of a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And you know uh okay um like like okay uh okay you know that number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one you know well uh you know like so I mean you know like I mean man on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky uh like um you know you know so okay you know well um a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was okay so well you know uh you know okay so like well granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's okay well okay okay uh I mean you know well uh well the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents you know well you know um you know um well you know um you know anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases so so I mean uh uh um so so like okay. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe like uh um I mean so um like uh uh you know you've even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It I mean well like you know uh so so uh like uh right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current I mean I mean you know okay like well uh I mean uh okay partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of so I mean like well uh you know I mean you know you know well town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find uh I mean you know well okay um okay okay um you know us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the so so you know um like I mean you know uh you know well description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to I mean so so like well um okay uh uh okay our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared okay you know I mean so uh uh you know um I mean like to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your like um I mean um I mean um uh well well um forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be I mean you know uh so you know um okay well uh like a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was just so uh okay so like uh um so um I mean graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working so okay so like um um well um like well with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to so uh um well uh you know okay uh so I mean hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again is well okay like so well like well I mean well well after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, so okay well so so well like so like so Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm here with well so I mean uh so you know so I mean so well my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the first so okay well you know okay uh um I mean um you know episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to uh uh you know I mean okay okay um like like you know see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the okay um um okay okay well okay um um well creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also well um I mean okay so okay you know like you know well talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative well okay well well you know uh like you know you know okay Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this you know um well you know uh I mean uh so so well podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure so you know uh okay so uh like okay you know you know to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk okay I mean okay um uh um so uh I mean so about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars you know so I mean okay okay well uh okay um you know per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen okay um uh uh like like like like uh I mean since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go like uh so you know okay like uh um um so beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 I mean okay uh um like so so okay okay I mean the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or uh like well um so well so okay well like at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to um so you know uh um you know like you know okay okay those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a like like I mean like like well I mean you know okay um lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of so I mean um so okay so uh uh um okay 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're okay okay okay okay well uh you know so um um joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, I mean well so okay like um so um I mean I mean have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, you know so uh well so like so okay like I mean I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in like like I mean okay like um well um so so general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that um I mean okay uh like um you know uh well um until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My you know well well you know you know okay okay um well okay name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say I mean uh um so um well I mean uh okay you know the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you okay um so like like I mean um like uh okay just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why well okay you know uh like uh well you know I mean okay would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have you know okay I mean uh um so okay okay like so a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest well you know okay like okay um well okay um I mean was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice just um you know you know uh well so um you know like you know the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a you know uh well you know um like you know like uh so great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new well okay uh so I mean I mean like um I mean well market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this so um like like um uh um you know okay like chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update well well um well uh well um okay um like two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're okay uh I mean well I mean okay like well I mean so at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five uh um you know uh well uh okay you know like okay dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go okay um okay uh so well so you know so okay to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy well well okay okay uh I mean well I mean like like a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like like uh well uh you know so I mean I mean so well a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin like okay so well um so like you know like you know darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this um you know um well okay okay like okay okay uh is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five well okay uh so I mean you know uh uh um uh for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its um um so uh well like like uh okay okay heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history I mean so like uh like so um I mean um well start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the well I mean uh uh you know uh uh um uh um way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a so so like you know well um um well well okay brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things I mean so okay well um I mean okay you know I mean uh and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as uh uh you know like um so uh well so you know a young girl. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of okay well uh I mean I mean you know well um okay you know the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she um so okay you know uh uh I mean you know I mean so decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this I mean like like okay you know like um like okay you know is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you know I mean okay I mean well well like uh so well you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see okay like like I mean like um well well like you know God is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and uh I mean um well I mean I mean uh I mean okay like I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture uh uh I mean I mean I mean so so I mean so okay is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow I mean uh well uh you know um um um uh I mean. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11 like well I mean you know like like like uh so uh. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord um I mean I mean you know well I mean like like like um showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast. I I mean uh um well I mean so so you know like um am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community of like you know you know well um okay uh uh you know you know artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online um you know I mean you know so you know you know um um uh for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and well uh um okay you know well okay you know um okay the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads you know like um you know um okay um um like like are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those um so like okay I mean I mean uh um well I mean as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology uh okay like you know um well like like I mean okay club and in general to learn more about our club what we do and well okay okay um okay um you know um like well how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I okay so like uh I mean so well um okay like wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the um like you know um so like uh uh I mean I mean easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important you know well okay so um like like I mean like you know aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well you know you know uh I mean okay you know uh uh like you know as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host um I mean I mean like uh uh well you know like um the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different well so like okay you know okay okay so well you know software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything well I mean like like well like okay uh okay you know we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer you know well I mean like okay well I mean um um well tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity I mean so um I mean you know uh like uh um you know to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, okay so um well you know uh um you know um like you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that so so so okay so like okay um okay you know the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest like well okay so well okay okay uh um okay way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one like um well uh you know so I mean like you know you know place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can I mean like well I mean like well like you know like um use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools um like okay so like you know you know so so I mean to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping so so you know you know you know so um um uh okay. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow um okay um well uh well well okay so you know the dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google I mean so uh okay okay uh um uh okay you know podcast and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from well uh like so um like uh uh I mean I mean your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go I mean okay uh so so you know I mean you know well I mean to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond farewell you know so like okay okay okay uh okay like I mean at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has well like you know um okay so uh uh so so in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean so okay uh um um uh okay well I mean you know kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly um I mean like you know like you know uh um so I mean viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between I mean I mean like well like okay so you know okay okay Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins well um okay okay well like so you know like okay. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going so um um okay I mean I mean um um I mean uh to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I you know I mean um you know you know like like okay so like thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt uh okay I mean uh you know well okay like okay uh like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable um like so well uh um I mean okay so I mean development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here um okay um you know uh I mean well okay so so to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning okay well you know I mean well well okay okay you know uh for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build I mean you know well like um you know um well okay so it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population you know so you know you know uh um like um okay uh 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the I mean um uh well uh okay so uh okay um world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't um so you know you know so you know so uh um so end up working out for object data is currently a PhD student um um like uh so well you know I mean okay like at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment um well so okay okay you know you know like um well engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our okay uh um uh you know I mean uh um well okay show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional um well um okay so so I mean well like you know phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had I mean like I mean um well okay well well well like that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow I mean I mean I mean I mean so uh you know like uh you know and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a well I mean um you know so so like you know okay well really high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for okay um uh so so um you know so well you know two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more um um uh okay you know like uh like uh you know lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so um uh like uh uh well you know well okay so aligned and the business started and I got everything I wanted and so so you know you know um so like so okay I mean more and it was huge and it launched in a way more than I could you know uh okay so um like like um so like have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in so um you know um like well um you know uh so a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you well so so uh uh uh okay like um like know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have uh um like okay um okay you know like well okay a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're okay like you know um I mean so you know I mean well well just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking um um uh well uh well you know you know okay well apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when well so so like okay uh so um you know okay you ask that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it I mean well you know uh like well like so I mean uh. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we okay like I mean you know uh I mean um I mean well well weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of us joke so uh so um uh I mean like like okay so the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run well you know so okay uh okay um I mean well like wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your so you know um like well you know like well you know uh host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT so okay uh well I mean um I mean okay okay okay Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that uh so you know okay well uh uh okay okay um you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have well um uh okay well uh okay uh so I mean brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler so well um I mean well um well you know well well had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have well I mean so okay you know so like uh um well you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think okay so I mean uh I mean uh well so so you know it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a I mean well like uh well uh uh well uh like J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed so like so I mean well like um so like I mean in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob I mean okay like um I mean uh I mean well I mean you know. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So like like uh so um so okay like you know so you are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you so like I mean well I mean okay I mean so well like keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so what um so you know well um you know uh okay I mean okay we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks uh so like uh um uh well um so well. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand okay you know I mean like like okay um okay um you know new episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My um uh I mean uh um I mean like uh you know so name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going so uh I mean you know you know you know so you know uh so to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian okay I mean I mean I mean okay well so so like I mean is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're um um um so I mean um you know okay I mean so going to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this well okay um I mean like I mean like um okay I mean to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf like um um uh so um um so you know uh at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the well so um so I mean okay I mean um I mean well Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form so um like I mean I mean okay so so I mean I mean and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers okay okay okay like like like okay so so okay dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk like I mean I mean well I mean um so uh well you know about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a good I mean I mean uh um you know I mean I mean like well like point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can you know okay you know I mean um like like well so um use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and okay okay so uh so like uh well like so edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good like you know well so like uh um you know like uh as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on another I mean I mean uh so you know uh uh okay uh you know application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be heard everywhere Spotify um like so um okay uh um you know uh I mean Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy money for your podcast uh okay you know okay uh so uh you know well so. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the so so you know like well well um okay uh you know anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting well well so so well you know uh uh okay okay at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be uh so you know well um well um um um um settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl was well so uh so uh uh so so uh you know not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a husband and okay okay um okay so um like so like uh children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey um well I mean so I mean um okay like um well despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles so like uh so you know you know I mean um so you know along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes um like well well well I mean um um uh okay just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view German well okay um you know like okay like you know okay so soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest uh I mean I mean okay well like I mean well well uh route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and you know I mean well you know um well uh okay I mean okay night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little uh um well you know okay I mean okay I mean I mean you know circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking I mean um um I mean so well well um I mean uh about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene um so um you know you know like um uh I mean I mean. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala um uh um so you know well okay like well you know the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was well you know you know uh okay you know so so like um one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the so I mean uh I mean I mean so uh you know uh you know top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was well so okay well like um well uh okay uh the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's okay um I mean like so uh so you know I mean well the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are so um you know um um well um uh okay uh going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is well you know so um well you know so okay I mean you know I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together uh well um um okay um uh you know so uh and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're uh well well well I mean well well I mean I mean like going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a well uh you know I mean so well so so like so salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We um so um so so okay well like like like really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to I mean okay I mean um uh uh okay okay like well tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is okay so I mean you know well well okay okay um well City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going uh you know uh um uh well um um so um to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want um like okay uh like so like um well uh to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so um well you know you know okay okay you know so so um excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how um okay uh well you know you know so I mean I mean okay we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot well okay uh okay um I mean I mean um uh well f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms like you know you know well you know I mean uh um so you know. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from like uh so uh um so well okay so I mean your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free uh well well okay so okay well um so you know anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs uh well okay like like well uh I mean you know uh when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code okay um well like so you know well you know okay okay. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal you know okay um okay I mean uh uh like uh um and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills um well okay I mean uh I mean okay like okay like of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office well um uh you know so so okay okay you know well is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run um I mean okay well well okay you know like uh well across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's uh like so I mean so like okay um uh well part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in like uh uh um uh okay I mean um well okay the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write so so so um well so you know I mean uh I mean. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it you know so like so well okay I mean well well like and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right okay okay uh uh I mean uh okay you know I mean uh. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around so I mean so so uh like I mean well well I mean in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I so I mean okay uh um like so uh I mean you know cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I mean you know I mean well okay you know like I mean I mean well I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a okay you know uh I mean well so well okay well uh lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your um well um like well like so uh so you know host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and like so you know like uh so so well like you know he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode uh uh okay so I mean I mean okay so okay okay of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't okay like uh well like well you know well uh um well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's well you know okay so so uh I mean like like like good to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think well um okay okay I mean uh well like okay so the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let so uh like um well um well um well you know me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out like well you know you know okay you know I mean uh I mean so as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were okay well um you know well you know I mean um uh so just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and uh so um uh um well I mean you know I mean okay stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow like uh okay you know so I mean so I mean okay um your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you so you know like well you know so I mean you know um well become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to okay uh um well you know uh uh I mean you know like them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and uh well well like um um so like okay um also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't you know I mean well um uh uh okay like okay like done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D like okay you know so uh um um so um like. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand you know so um uh uh like uh like so okay pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like uh so I mean okay okay okay you know well so um a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had uh you know like okay well well okay uh so so some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one well well I mean okay okay well okay like like uh of which is the fact that I have literally not had a like um well um uh like uh I mean um I mean job for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside I mean well okay well okay uh you know I mean I mean you know from like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother well like so you know um I mean like like um um and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for well okay uh um so like uh like so I mean a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises okay so okay like okay okay like uh like so the sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your well you know okay I mean so you know okay so um so demise is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows you know uh um so you know well well you know well um in your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It um you know you know okay well well I mean okay well so must have been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the like so I mean well like uh like well okay well shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display I mean I mean okay um like you know like uh so you know in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes well okay uh okay uh you know okay I mean uh like them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk I mean well well like okay you know um I mean like uh about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and well you know uh I mean uh uh okay you know like like earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not you know okay okay so uh well I mean okay uh um posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple like I mean um I mean you know I mean uh you know um I mean reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys so so like I mean I mean you know you know well like uh have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days um uh so uh well so um like okay well that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is um well you know um I mean okay okay you know so well how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan your so like um okay uh okay uh um um I mean week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either like I mean well okay you know okay well uh well you know avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose I mean so so well I mean like you know um okay uh of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make um I mean okay you know like so okay okay uh uh a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow well I mean okay okay okay so um I mean uh uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would you know like well um okay like well so like um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast like you know you know I mean you know I mean well okay so um and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's you know I mean like uh well I mean okay you know so um everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the you know you know um you know okay okay like uh so like free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to okay so um so um so um I mean like um another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade like so I mean uh um like you know um okay well Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest so well like like well you know um um so I mean Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century uh so so uh okay like you know okay well I mean BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of okay like well well okay um well so you know you know all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and so okay uh uh okay I mean well so okay uh want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par um so well you know uh like um you know I mean um cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows well well so like uh uh like okay like you know Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on um um I mean well uh like I mean you know uh well Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched well well okay you know so like uh so like you know assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game um um I mean I mean like you know uh okay I mean um. Unfortunately, Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have well well okay uh you know uh I mean I mean uh you know a thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring um so okay so you know I mean so like so you know accents. They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and so well okay I mean like so okay well um well I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking about so like like well okay I mean so um like uh Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has I mean well okay like I mean so okay well okay well been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really so okay uh um well you know you know so um I mean popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months uh so okay you know uh uh okay I mean so like. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous like uh like like um so um okay uh I mean. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of like like um like uh like uh uh well you know followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this like uh okay okay um you know well uh um um song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a well okay you know so so so like um well you know podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop well like well uh like you know uh you know so you know. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too um okay well well well I mean okay okay I mean well horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear so you know um you know like uh you know um you know uh with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded um uh I mean you know like I mean well I mean uh you know sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show okay um you know uh I mean you know so like so um. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community okay uh I mean uh like like you know um like okay. I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the well you know well uh I mean okay so you know like I mean basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing you know okay I mean uh okay okay uh you know you know well how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a so so like um I mean so okay uh well well lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses I mean um so I mean uh okay I mean uh uh well primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and okay so well okay so like like uh um I mean you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of well um well okay um uh well you know okay like the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today so like I mean well well I mean okay I mean um you know and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on um okay uh like I mean okay you know uh you know like personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting okay you know so well well okay I mean well uh okay to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go like so so you know uh um so okay I mean I mean to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the well so you know uh I mean okay you know like you know well one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex you know uh um like so you know you know well well you know Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give like I mean like I mean uh well um like well like you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, I mean I mean you know I mean you know like uh well I mean um before you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've okay okay uh okay I mean so um uh well so heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over so well so so I mean I mean uh you know okay so a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about so like uh okay like I mean like um you know so six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the like um okay so you know I mean well so well you know porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a well you know uh uh um um um I mean you know uh nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost so like well okay like like so okay um um that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of I mean um like um okay you know well okay well um sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the um okay so okay like uh like um well you know river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current uh okay I mean um you know uh well you know so you know. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated like uh um okay like so uh well I mean so Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again like okay um like well you know I mean so well um after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy like you know like uh um okay okay well uh so. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We like I mean I mean uh so um um okay uh so are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this okay so uh I mean so like uh so uh you know moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a uh um like I mean so I mean I mean like so okay sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something um well you know so uh so okay I mean um like if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's I mean um I mean like um like uh you know I mean like just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there you know so okay you know like uh uh like you know you know are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just I mean I mean well so well so like you know like I mean fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in I mean well so okay well I mean um I mean I mean you know their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a you know okay you know okay okay well uh okay um okay lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's I mean you know like so okay um well okay uh you know just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those you know uh like well uh so I mean I mean so well are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually uh um I mean okay um okay like like um well Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when like so well okay I mean um I mean well okay like we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift um so you know so um okay uh I mean uh so through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high so you know okay um I mean um uh so so you know intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast I mean okay okay so uh well well um okay I mean. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if so well so you know well um you know okay I mean okay you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions so you know okay well like uh well uh well well and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I I mean like um well I mean okay uh I mean so um did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I okay like I mean I mean um you know you know well I mean like did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went well well uh you know you know you know okay okay like uh into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor um I mean well okay okay well well so um like it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools so so um uh I mean well well okay um I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean um like uh okay um um so um I mean computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor will like I mean well I mean I mean so I mean uh okay um distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many uh uh I mean so um I mean uh okay well so more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special well well like uh um like so um like you know guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name is I mean I mean like well like okay you know like um like Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with me so okay you know uh so so so I mean like well. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could but I so well um so so uh well so um so can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally say it uh I mean you know so um I mean like you know you know um but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For like PR like uh okay okay you know like um okay uh like Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah, I just I mean I mean uh you know you know like okay I mean so well yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I think it's just it's you know well so I mean okay I mean uh you know um okay amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And I uh well well you know uh okay you know so so you know don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo cartridge like um you know like I mean okay you know well okay so Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and you know like um um like um well um like you know I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show I mean so okay well you know okay so okay um well for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the okay like like uh okay okay so um well okay week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club uh I mean so well well well well um uh so and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda I mean um okay well I mean okay you know you know um I mean A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I so um so like uh okay I mean like like okay also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz you know well uh um I mean okay okay I mean like you know he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror so uh like okay you know uh well so I mean um version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons um so so um well like um well okay okay that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him you know um so I mean well so I mean you know I mean uh through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we you know so like so um I mean well like I mean I mean make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism uh okay like you know okay you know okay uh uh okay. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our um well okay like like well so okay I mean like episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean okay um so like I mean well well um okay. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools like okay like you know you know you know I mean you know like I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor okay I mean I mean well so so I mean so well so will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts you know you know you know like um I mean well well okay okay and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's okay uh so um so um you know uh um um everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or you know you know okay okay so um like I mean like so go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip the uh so like uh well uh um uh um okay script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on like like well so uh I mean uh okay I mean well eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you well you know um so uh so well so well okay can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited well like I mean um well well I mean um I mean you know about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in okay um you know like okay you know uh okay I mean I mean this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting um so uh like you know you know so so okay okay race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week you know so well you know I mean you know well well okay well one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, okay um um okay well I mean okay like um like however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I I mean um like you know uh okay like you know so I mean finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I okay I mean I mean so like uh I mean like okay I mean just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for I mean uh uh okay um um uh um okay you know a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free like I mean okay like um so I mean okay well uh now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice um um I mean so I mean I mean well well I mean uh because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I so you know I mean well like okay like okay I mean um will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because I mean uh so well you know so okay like you know um like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you um I mean uh okay like okay okay uh so uh know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like so well well so um so so uh so so I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly I mean well okay okay so uh okay you know uh I mean about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast you know okay well um um you know well you know okay I mean and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account I mean you know okay well I mean um you know you know uh okay and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little like um well like you know so so okay like like bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you like so so well well okay I mean so you know so never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on um um you know um so so um um you know so Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and so so I mean so like so well I mean I mean uh whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps okay well like so like you know you know okay uh like downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so um well well well like like okay uh um I mean already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts uh you know so like um uh you know uh like um in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never I mean like so uh okay you know so you know I mean I mean miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode okay okay uh okay like uh uh uh I mean like. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take okay so um like okay so you know you know so uh any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth um like you know you know like you know like you know like okay. Hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday um so I mean well well I mean so I mean you know okay. So I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we um like um you know so like so like well I mean haven't talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't um I mean you know um okay um I mean you know uh so hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people I mean well um you know okay well okay well I mean like. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff you know uh well uh uh you know so uh uh I mean that we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did okay I mean like I mean like like I mean uh uh um go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album okay um you know well you know like so I mean you know um artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah so okay uh um like like well uh uh well. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk like I mean um I mean um I mean um okay I mean uh now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show and okay uh uh um so so um uh so you know guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Hills. I okay um okay well well uh um I mean well well am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one. I'm so okay I mean I mean uh I mean I mean uh okay like um happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do okay you know you know so okay well okay uh well okay this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my like like well you know um uh well I mean well so love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters you know I mean well so I mean uh okay like you know well crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high well uh like you know uh like um okay uh uh school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings okay like um so um I mean okay you know you know so you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you know I mean uh um well well you know I mean okay so you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like um you know so okay so well so well you know like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for so like like uh um uh I mean well I mean well months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast like okay um um well so okay well you know so and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record um I mean well like you know I mean uh you know I mean uh edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It I mean like so um you know well I mean you know like you know will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all well like I mean so you know well you know okay um I mean of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything like um well like so so um okay like uh that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what so well okay well okay well you know well you know well you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go you know well okay um uh so like okay um um to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- I mean so well okay um uh okay um so so go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the you know uh um well well well okay so you know so inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for um like you know you know I mean uh like okay okay okay our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original you know well okay like so so so um um uh old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one so um I mean you know um uh um okay you know like of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she well you know I mean you know okay well like uh um well saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I so okay okay so you know okay you know okay you know okay was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly well uh well um um you know okay okay uh like inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I you know so like you know um okay uh okay um I mean talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and so okay so uh okay you know so so uh well discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our well like um so uh so uh like well like time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm I mean like uh um so like you know like uh you know going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother well uh I mean you know I mean like uh well well okay. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen uh I mean okay uh okay so I mean okay I mean okay for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was so well so um okay like uh okay okay okay in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted I mean you know okay I mean um well um uh okay well to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know I mean well you know well well uh okay okay you know I mean we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving so uh um so so like like so like uh and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the well okay uh so so I mean um so I mean I mean Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind uh like so well well you know well uh so well of join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive to well well I mean I mean well um um I mean you know like Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores what you know I mean I mean um I mean okay um well so like happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan uh okay I mean like um uh well you know uh like television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow like um well so okay I mean so um uh um gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set um okay okay um so um um I mean uh uh and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most you know so um um so so so you know um you know legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not you know so I mean like uh like so okay like okay best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm you know you know well uh I mean so you know so so okay Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking so uh uh you know um uh okay um okay um about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling um well so you know well I mean I mean okay uh uh a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel uh um I mean um you know like um um uh um like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time with like like uh well like you know like I mean okay I mean you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other like uh okay I mean okay uh I mean like um well week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are uh okay like so um well um well you know I mean you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes uh so well well so I mean okay I mean like okay on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already so I mean so um I mean so like well um um mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on okay well I mean I mean well um like you know okay well my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the okay I mean like you know well uh um I mean so uh same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just gulped um um like well well so okay well like like water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes so so well I mean so well okay so uh so. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show uh so you know you know okay you know like I mean okay you know start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles I mean okay well I mean so like okay well um you know around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic okay um uh um I mean well you know I mean so okay woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, okay I mean like well um okay okay like well well her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a you know I mean well I mean you know like like I mean like uh long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born like well I mean so um okay I mean um well so with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just so uh like um okay I mean uh um I mean you know a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to so I mean um so um okay well like well so the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try you know you know um okay so uh you know so you know you know to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in like okay so I mean I mean so you know I mean I mean I mean the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is to speak well like so I mean okay well uh like um well to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being uh so I mean so you know um you know like well um real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's uh like well well you know okay uh so uh like quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue I mean so uh uh so so um like okay you know to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that so um so so well so you know well so okay in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are um so well you know I mean well I mean so like okay up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons uh uh so you know okay like you know I mean I mean so the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a okay um um like um so I mean like well well big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose I mean like you know you know so you know so well um you know and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a I mean so uh you know so I mean okay uh um uh lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away no I mean uh well okay you know um I mean so you know uh first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners okay like you know I mean well I mean uh so like um at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So uh well well okay well okay okay you know I mean so yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead like you know so so um well uh I mean so so studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you so uh um I mean uh well well I mean um okay wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm well you know uh I mean well well like well like okay also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast like like like okay you know I mean you know like um you know back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really okay okay you know you know so um I mean so you know so cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give you know uh you know like you know like uh so uh okay away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like okay like like uh so uh well uh well so don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a um you know well so like uh okay you know well like couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're well uh like like you know you know you know well I mean you know going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do I mean you know you know okay okay well I mean so so uh go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top like so uh so I mean well well like uh you know of the page and just tell us why you want to try it like you know like so I mean you know um uh okay well out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try well well so okay I mean um you know uh well okay to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're like um uh I mean well I mean uh um uh you know just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps um I mean you know okay uh um okay um uh well with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you um okay I mean you know you know um well so uh um Derek. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull like um like okay uh you know um uh uh uh soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support uh so okay well like um um like like so people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live um well so I mean um you know like um well like approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life um you know you know I mean okay um like so so okay. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with so um I mean okay okay like okay I mean um um alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a uh okay okay like like like um uh like okay recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know um um okay so you know you know um well so me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and well I mean well so okay you know well um um uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for uh so well uh uh you know so I mean I mean um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more I mean um so like okay so you know okay you know uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you I mean like well uh uh uh okay like okay uh need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that you know you know I mean you know okay uh um I mean well like day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending okay you know so um so like uh well you know okay messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of um you know um I mean I mean um uh so well okay the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I I mean like I mean okay okay like like like you know um wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, um I mean okay so so so uh well uh uh but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should um well okay okay like you know like uh uh um talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why you know um well um um like I mean I mean okay okay not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school like uh okay okay so um so you know so like that made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was okay like so like okay well you know you know you know so a school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to so like um like okay uh so I mean well I mean thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you okay I mean okay I mean I mean okay well so uh like grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of so like I mean uh so you know so um you know okay relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning like well well like so I mean okay so I mean I mean so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the you know okay well uh I mean uh I mean um I mean uh girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out you know okay I mean I mean I mean I mean well um um so to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love you um okay so you know okay uh okay I mean like like. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a okay um you know like um okay like well um well shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that okay I mean well um well you know you know you know like um is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's like you know uh okay uh like like uh uh okay Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be I mean I mean I mean like like you know okay okay well I mean hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can so you know I mean I mean I mean you know I mean um like okay make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on okay well um okay okay uh well like so um them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to okay um um you know you know okay um okay um um talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I so so uh um uh you know uh uh I mean uh am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of well okay okay well well you know like uh like like the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key you know okay well okay so like uh okay you know um Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle you know uh you know you know so like uh um like well. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference well well I mean okay like I mean um like okay um between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we like so I mean well well uh uh um you know so mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, like so okay I mean uh uh so okay um um Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically you know so uh uh uh like well you know so okay what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up uh I mean uh you know okay um you know okay well well with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor you know I mean you know like so um uh um like okay app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a so so like I mean I mean well you know okay okay so podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use you know uh well I mean um um so like okay I mean anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's like um okay well you know well well okay like I mean correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, uh I mean okay well you know so you know you know I mean so there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your well okay I mean you know I mean you know you know so well like phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you well you know like I mean you know well um like well you know. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify so I mean you know you know um I mean I mean like okay well Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast okay uh uh so uh you know uh like you know uh and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go uh you know okay I mean so so uh okay you know so to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to uh okay um like I mean um well um like you know read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on well I mean so well you know well um um well you know your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a well um so I mean uh um so um like okay student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive okay you know like well uh so well okay okay okay person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you okay so you know so well um like uh uh I mean to grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We okay like you know you know you know you know so um so okay will be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to uh you know uh okay well like like uh I mean like heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first okay I mean well um so well um so well um shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, um okay I mean you know like like so you know I mean like except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live to uh you know well uh you know you know so well okay like neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This like I mean like like you know uh okay you know I mean I mean may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is uh so you know uh I mean so okay okay you know I mean we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit uh I mean uh um so well um uh I mean well us - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things I mean you know I mean okay well uh okay you know like well the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey so well you know so like like okay well well uh Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, so well uh uh so like well I mean I mean so welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined I mean well I mean uh so well okay like you know like the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my so I mean well like okay um okay like you know okay stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All um okay so well I mean so okay okay okay um hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back okay okay you know I mean I mean like I mean uh you know okay. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll um um okay I mean um like I mean you know I mean um kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot well um like um okay like so you know like um of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work. So you know so I mean well well like you know I mean like so I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start here. All um I mean you know like well okay well uh okay well right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the so you know uh okay uh okay um um um um same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the uh well uh you know so well okay uh so I mean end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we okay okay you know so okay you know like you know like so want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic I mean well well okay so like like I mean um uh win against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and I mean like um um like you know uh so uh so more on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm like well so well you know you know okay you know so like here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? so well okay okay like you know um like I mean well Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than so um I mean um like you know um well well I mean we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early I mean well okay well um you know um um so you know you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, like like well so like so okay okay so like yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So I mean well like uh um uh um I mean uh so how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over um I mean uh like well well uh uh okay so the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments so I mean well you know I mean um so so um like and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah okay like um you know uh uh you know well I mean okay. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of so like so uh I mean so well you know okay uh felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who so you know you know you know I mean so like uh I mean uh I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here like uh um I mean so you know uh I mean okay I mean. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, uh I mean so like um okay I mean you know you know I mean what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, I mean you know so okay so okay um like uh um what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest okay well like so well like well well okay you know thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free okay well okay uh okay like okay okay you know uh anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care okay so I mean uh okay you know so I mean well so. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am okay um like um uh well you know so like um Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time okay like you know like well so you know well you know I mean. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences like well so you know like so like I mean okay I mean that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story okay uh like um I mean um um I mean so okay or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is I mean you know I mean like like um well so like I mean an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going with like um um you know okay you know you know uh okay uh day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is like okay okay um so you know uh I mean um uh a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to you know well okay um uh so you know uh so okay two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick you know well I mean so well so like you know I mean so a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw so you know like okay okay well um um you know so confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued um you know well uh like okay you know you know I mean um in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because uh well okay uh okay okay I mean so so uh they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very you know well okay so like like I mean uh um like impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year so so uh um I mean like well um so um looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a um you know well I mean you know like like I mean you know you know bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over so so you know uh I mean you know I mean okay uh you know hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum I mean uh you know you know so well uh uh I mean um bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We I mean uh um I mean I mean okay um okay well um got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game uh like like so uh like well like like you know of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll uh uh um okay I mean you know um well well I mean has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we I mean so you know like I mean I mean so you know okay so think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win like well like so well like you know um like I mean it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going okay okay well uh um okay um um well well to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season coming up and you know um so um um okay so like like I mean we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope you uh um you know uh uh you know okay you know you know like guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long week okay I mean you know uh uh so well I mean um I mean this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, well you know so um you know okay okay uh um like they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah well um you know you know like I mean you know well I mean well first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and so you know uh uh like like uh um okay I mean night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and well um uh you know okay uh uh well like so brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day so you know I mean uh okay I mean um you know so I mean this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the like okay well um um so you know um okay um woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a um like I mean so I mean so okay like you know um country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full okay uh so well you know like okay okay well I mean of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would uh so I mean well so I mean okay uh like um change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going okay okay um like you know I mean um uh like you know to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus okay you know well like I mean uh I mean so you know okay and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this well like like well okay okay like so so well this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try so like well so well like so well okay okay to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the um I mean okay okay so I mean like well um well media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like last okay um so well um well um you know um like week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to uh you know like so like I mean well you know so like another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics you know um okay well uh like okay like I mean um including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff so um okay uh well um uh uh well okay here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking well well I mean I mean well okay uh uh um so up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class uh I mean okay uh well uh you know so I mean uh as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's well okay okay well you know okay like um like uh pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with um I mean like um so so you know I mean like you know the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar I mean you know okay okay so well um um like like at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us today uh okay like so I mean I mean uh I mean so um. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview so you know so uh you know I mean uh uh so well. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in our well uh well like uh um um well well uh normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but bear with well like well so I mean well like so you know well us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on I mean like okay well well so like uh well uh with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track office not uh um so you know I mean okay you know uh uh um really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an okay you know I mean uh I mean so you know you know so I mean audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and uh okay uh well uh like like well uh okay a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a um I mean so like like I mean I mean you know you know okay little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof you know well like you know uh so uh uh okay uh. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was okay okay you know okay well uh uh you know I mean well probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our okay um well like like you know like okay so like number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win well so I mean so I mean you know uh well like you know and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too so okay um so okay um like I mean like uh sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve I mean like so like like like okay like like like that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody um uh you know um uh you know you know like like um was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded so okay well like like like like so okay well money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down like well you know okay you know um well um um I mean the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back um like you know like uh so so okay okay well to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged well well so okay like like okay well like I mean with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking um you know uh um well you know you know okay uh so sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness um so uh um I mean um okay like um like special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym so okay well like um like well I mean like you know on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed I mean okay okay well uh uh I mean like like um with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking so like um well um I mean like um you know um about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also okay you know like you know like you know well like okay well quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it so okay well I mean well so I mean like uh okay and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first so like okay you know well uh like uh so um question I have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out like well like I mean well I mean you know you know like you know of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however so okay um well uh like like okay so you know physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little I mean okay well like uh well you know okay I mean so kid. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of well you know uh you know you know uh you know you know um you know throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably so so well I mean I mean uh uh well like I mean jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast so um so okay like um I mean well um okay today in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond um so um well I mean like so um you know like. He's an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya I mean uh like like okay uh so well like well Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine like like um so well um so I mean okay like and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings so I mean I mean um I mean you know okay um uh uh characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you okay so um um um well like um well I mean gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you okay okay you know um you know like you know like okay uh need to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up you know okay I mean uh you know okay well um well you know till now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes uh um like so like you know so I mean okay so you you will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it like well well um so uh like uh um you know is you have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day I mean um so you know I mean so you know you know okay you know. This is your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I mean okay I mean like like uh like uh um you know I'll be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime uh okay I mean okay well I mean okay so um like. Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy um well well okay um um okay um um so everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining um okay so well you know you know okay okay I mean um today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose to you know okay so like so I mean well so I mean okay listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able to uh uh I mean I mean uh well I mean uh like well get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something I couldn't wait I mean I mean you know so um so you know well okay you know to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of you know okay well so okay you know you know well okay um a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for a long while now um so you know like um um well you know well you know. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over a year you know um um uh uh um uh like like so ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking well well so like I mean um so um okay well wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his uh um uh I mean like so like well um um achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we uh uh so well you know um uh well I mean well have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei well uh uh like well um I mean okay uh well of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we um uh well um I mean well uh you know well um mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we well um I mean like um you know I mean um um um we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I like um uh uh uh you know okay you know you know I mean haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying well like well uh well like well I mean you know so to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this well I mean um like I mean okay okay so like um podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for uh okay okay okay you know so um I mean you know like one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and you uh you know okay so uh well um like I mean uh guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably so I mean so um so so you know okay like so going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, um um like well I mean like okay you know uh uh we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning well so like I mean um well um like well well in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that um like uh like um you know like like I mean um you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like um um so uh uh okay you know uh you know um something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to okay like like um um I mean uh okay okay um the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's well you know like I mean okay you know you know I mean you know okay cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your so um okay okay so so okay you know um well balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just um you know uh so I mean um like I mean like so because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome like um I mean um uh so so um like uh back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude okay okay um you know you know um um uh I mean I mean. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children I mean well okay okay so so um you know like you know and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create so you know um like you know um like uh you know like peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer okay you know uh okay I mean okay uh like uh uh writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn um okay so uh you know okay uh so you know I mean Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & um well okay uh um so I mean well so okay 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill you know you know okay okay well I mean like um you know uh the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I okay like I mean um um I mean I mean well um I mean have a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest is okay okay I mean so so so um so um well Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team of talented you know uh you know so you know okay I mean okay well I mean creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting at Ogilvy I mean uh so uh you know you know you know well well uh and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York and um I mean like um like uh so so like I mean then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado I mean I mean you know I mean you know so like um uh okay and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to uh you know so like you know well uh you know well uh time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how okay okay um you know I mean so I mean so so you know they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who you know you know uh you know you know like uh like well okay came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael uh like so you know uh like you know well uh so Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not okay um like so like uh um um like okay a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go well uh um you know okay you know um so um um finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial so um I mean okay uh uh um um you know you know. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this um like so you know you know uh you know like you know so week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are well so okay um you know uh you know uh well so you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was yours? you know you know um um like uh I mean um I mean uh I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So okay like okay I mean like so well uh okay so I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk um okay um okay so so I mean um I mean you know about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting you know well well I mean well I mean well well um um and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a well I mean okay well like okay so so okay so lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some okay okay okay so okay um um um um uh of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a so um like like so like you know so you know so few minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to uh okay I mean so like okay um so okay well talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age well you know uh I mean uh uh like like so so of 25 and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it so well um okay so I mean okay so so well for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try I mean I mean you know I mean uh you know well well uh I mean to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life so um um so I mean so well I mean well okay a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and um okay well so so well uh like well uh shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming uh so well so okay um okay okay um I mean live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live um I mean you know so okay like you know uh so you know. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us uh I mean like you know um uh um I mean so okay soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, um I mean so uh so like well so you know you know hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special like um um um like I mean so um so um broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about like well uh okay like I mean um uh um so Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all okay you know you know okay so so so I mean I mean like investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares well um so you know you know uh like um you know um of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is well I mean you know well you know okay you know so I mean you know kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all you know well you know so okay um you know uh okay so the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's uh I mean um uh you know I mean I mean uh so so Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, okay um like so uh um I mean um okay uh we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill uh you know so okay I mean I mean so I mean like I mean in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, you know well um so okay like um like you know um that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad um well like okay um well you know uh like I mean music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no well so I mean um you know uh uh okay like I mean more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk you know uh I mean like uh okay okay you know so uh in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into you know so I mean um like um uh okay like you know your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off um so you know okay um um well so uh so right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana you know you know so like uh I mean so you know so uh me. If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an like you know I mean like like I mean like like I mean I mean article on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin okay you know um um you know well well I mean you know like as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then so well uh uh so well so so you know like we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and okay uh I mean so like so uh you know you know like thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to okay um well like you know so like you know you know like talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for Madden 2009 okay so I mean like like okay okay so uh like was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees on the cover um uh well you know um um okay okay you know okay. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 like like I mean you know okay well you know you know um you know game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you could play you know um well like like um uh um like well. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was I mean I mean you know you know um so well like I mean uh your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, well I mean I mean I mean okay uh well okay okay okay because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have okay um okay like like I mean you know so like so a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang so okay so so okay um um I mean well I mean today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat I mean so like well uh um you know okay so you know unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the like um well like like so okay you know uh so u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the like okay uh like okay you know like okay uh okay virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way on economic activity you know well uh uh well well um you know so you know both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled so so I mean well uh um um like well okay March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being cornered in uh you know well uh like okay so I mean you know okay to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains is where will you know you know you know uh uh well you know okay like you know the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs you know I mean I mean okay okay so uh I mean um I mean that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market like you know okay um uh uh so uh um uh reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 I mean well you know uh you know uh like okay okay I mean today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do so like like well I mean like I mean like I mean you know I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my um so okay you know uh like well well um okay Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are um like um uh you know like I mean okay okay um in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight um so okay like I mean okay so I mean um um their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of uh like I mean so you know uh uh um um um blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The I mean you know um you know well you know you know so I mean well Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains uh like okay um I mean um okay I mean I mean okay my lat the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have okay okay well I mean you know okay well so uh like a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner. Saskia Weber well you know uh okay you know um like like okay like who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not uh uh uh like like like well um okay um annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? like like I mean well uh like um you know like I mean Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru um so like well well uh like I mean I mean uh map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is up dude? like well um so um um uh well like uh How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, uh um like um okay well okay so uh I mean you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get like you know you know well you know I mean um you know um I mean a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the like you know you know so you know so um uh okay like way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's well you know well okay you know like so um like well your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right okay so I mean uh okay um um um um so now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where well like you know okay like okay uh um like uh a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic well uh um you know uh you know okay well so okay event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the well I mean uh okay um you know uh I mean so okay biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two well uh okay well okay you know um well uh you know mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, well uh like okay uh um okay I mean um so but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock you know I mean well so so I mean so so okay okay to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out like well okay okay like okay I mean I mean I mean I mean of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick okay okay okay um I mean I mean you know like you know you know shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to I mean uh I mean like so um I mean well uh like my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to you know so um you know um uh well you know I mean like start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off so like well so like I mean um so so okay the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions like okay well so you know you know well so I mean I mean. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into okay well you know I mean like well so well like like like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to um so uh you know okay okay um um you know like make money from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it okay well like well like um so well um so was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording uh I mean you know you know um well you know I mean well you know hosting and distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's so like well like so so like you know I mean I mean all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor well well like okay like so so well well I mean it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's uh I mean well okay so okay like okay so you know free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your okay well I mean uh like um I mean um I mean okay podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to I mean I mean um um so uh uh well well uh Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you like like so like so you know like like okay well can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man you know you know well so I mean you know um like so you know. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's well okay um uh so um um well you know um everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go you know um uh I mean uh I mean okay um okay okay to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started uh you know I mean um okay uh so okay I mean like let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my so well like uh so um like so uh I mean man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep uh like uh well I mean I mean so uh okay um doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea like well well um like you know you know you know well well how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the I mean you know like like so okay um like so uh anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many um uh I mean um well like well okay so like different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right well I mean so uh I mean uh so I mean I mean I mean from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or okay okay well um like uh I mean um um well Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you uh you know well so I mean you know I mean so okay like by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf okay well um you know I mean so well so well uh 22 save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This okay well well so so uh okay um um like is the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we uh um okay like you know so like well so uh passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to I mean uh well you know you know uh so so like um be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about well I mean I mean so so like I mean well um you know this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels so I mean you know um well okay like okay um like juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome I mean well well I mean well well I mean okay you know you know to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use like so um okay well um uh I mean uh so Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our okay uh well well well so I mean I mean you know um world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's so like you know you know you know uh um um well you know that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him you know um uh well okay okay um uh uh so limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who you know so uh okay like like you know so I mean well finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all about uh so so so I mean like like well well um living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me I mean uh well I mean um well um so okay um and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you I mean okay so um uh so so okay like um two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you know like like so okay you know so like um I mean you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my uh I mean you know I mean um like I mean uh so you know beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like um um I mean um um um so uh I mean uh your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old like I mean like okay so um you know um like so um Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? so well uh so uh okay you know okay okay well No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go like uh so you know you know like like okay like you know with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber like well like uh like you know okay well okay okay joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and I mean okay I mean um uh I mean like uh I mean um just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and well um like okay like uh like I mean um uh trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed I mean okay um well okay like like I mean I mean you know the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on I mean uh well um you know uh like like I mean I mean. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday uh um I mean um well like like I mean well well night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck so okay uh uh well well okay uh like um it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so okay okay like like uh I mean okay so you know well for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure well like like uh well um uh well well you know you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things well um you know you know you know well you know uh well uh over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very okay um I mean like you know well I mean um you know um well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to you know so I mean like so uh I mean okay so uh upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What well you know okay um okay uh um uh you know well is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, um um well well I mean you know uh you know uh I mean first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah so like I mean uh uh I mean so I mean well so. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a okay um well I mean you know well well so I mean um ways to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you know you know okay okay so well uh uh I mean uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer well well so okay I mean well I mean okay um okay. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does okay you know okay you know uh you know you know uh okay um it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will like you know I mean I mean so okay like um um so distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more um okay okay like I mean I mean I mean okay okay like places. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there so you know um you know I mean um um um like I mean any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your uh you know you know okay so well I mean uh um so podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making well okay uh so um okay okay you know so so money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to like you know um uh well so okay I mean I mean like make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a um um uh well okay like okay you know um uh podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to you know you know well you know like well like I mean uh so record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute uh uh um like I mean well so well you know okay your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and okay like uh I mean uh you know I mean okay well well many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything like um so um well okay I mean um well okay you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition well like I mean you know well uh so you know I mean uh last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in like um I mean okay like um I mean like well um the first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the like okay okay uh you know like well um I mean uh wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as um well okay you know well um uh um uh you know a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third okay I mean like you know like so you know uh well uh experience the two parties got married, but within a month my friend found you know well okay um you know okay I mean okay well like out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and okay uh okay like so like so I mean so I mean asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining I mean uh uh okay I mean so I mean so well so to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine you know like well you know um um okay uh okay so to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an well okay uh okay uh like you know well you know okay important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny uh so well well I mean so so well like so or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what um well I mean you know well um well I mean uh like they would like and as a man this is important to your success. This is okay well uh I mean okay well you know so um so ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want to become well you know like so well like so like uh uh a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can so uh you know uh you know I mean like um well you know lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal. If you don't so okay so well okay I mean so I mean okay um have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and okay I mean okay you know well I mean I mean I mean uh uh focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because you know so like um you know I mean okay I mean you know you know this video might take me a little bit to explain so grab a pen grab a like um you know so well okay uh you know so um paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring well I mean like I mean like well I mean well um well this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the you know okay I mean um okay like well so so okay cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely uh um so uh I mean so like like um uh to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we I mean you know you know uh well so I mean you know you know so had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to so okay like so you know I mean like well um you know Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not I mean I mean I mean like I mean I mean okay I mean so well quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had you know you know so so I mean okay uh you know well you know our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic you know you know like okay like I mean well like like like on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want you know um okay well okay well uh you know I mean I mean to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself like uh uh so so okay I mean so um okay and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got so uh you know um uh uh like like you know well our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so well like well okay like so so well uh well it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell I mean um uh I mean like so like so um so you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably like I mean well so I mean um I mean um uh I mean die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a so um so like uh well so I mean so well man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested well um okay uh like you know well I mean well um this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old I mean uh I mean okay uh you know I mean you know okay like in prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your uh um so you know um so okay uh I mean um coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a okay so uh okay like okay you know so okay I mean morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most um uh I mean okay uh I mean uh well like like of his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at okay um I mean like okay I mean uh I mean um well Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something like well uh uh I mean okay well so I mean um special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they want uh so um I mean so you know I mean uh um um to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull a question um um like okay like okay you know okay like you know out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to I mean like I mean well well okay you know well like you know answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, I mean you know so well well uh like okay okay uh I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I cannot you know um um uh I mean well um well I mean so wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This individual is you know I mean you know so well um you know I mean um uh awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So I mean okay I mean so um you know okay like um uh you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of um um you know um uh uh okay you know okay uh wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor um okay well um you know so um like I mean so of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this uh like I mean you know uh I mean okay so um uh reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the I mean okay okay you know like I mean um um you know so film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when uh okay you know uh like you know well so uh you know they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer okay you know well like like okay uh like you know you know it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast so like okay I mean uh well um you know so okay. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record you know okay um um uh I mean so um uh okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid well you know okay so so like you know um I mean okay distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many um okay okay well like uh like you know uh I mean more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything uh uh you know so okay I mean okay like um well you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up so you know I mean well okay I mean you know okay okay um or good Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing so um okay um okay so so like um okay into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went I mean um so you know you know um uh uh okay well on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the so okay I mean uh so uh well uh okay like bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, so uh I mean okay um well uh you know okay so we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit like um uh um I mean so so well uh uh teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is um uh so okay I mean um so like I mean um is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening I mean I mean so well you know okay well I mean so uh goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional okay okay uh uh um so you know um okay um comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on okay uh like well um like um you know like I mean Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with uh I mean you know okay okay okay um uh okay you know mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this you know well I mean okay like like um okay you know like V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl like like okay so like like like uh uh um. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the I mean um like like well so um like you know um jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, you know you know like I mean well I mean so so I mean okay man, what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, uh well well so like um you know okay you know so are we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as uh okay so well I mean okay like um so I mean inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's okay well uh you know I mean well um um okay um very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need um well I mean I mean well I mean you know okay uh well to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do that by uh you know um well so like you know well so well finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only so uh well so so you know like okay okay I mean win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means uh um so you know you know I mean uh so um you know you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide so so um well like um uh well so um in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale like um okay um um well like like I mean like caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear like you know you know so you know like you know you know um well more urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new so well like you know so okay okay well well uh Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode you know okay so okay okay so like so uh you know. Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This well well well um uh I mean okay um um you know episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for I mean okay I mean um like uh uh I mean I mean well children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy so uh okay uh uh you know okay like um uh little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this so I mean okay okay well like you know okay I mean uh is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the um so um like well like like well um well markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well uh like uh so so well well well you know well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would well you know so uh uh I mean you know um so like be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To okay okay well so uh okay you know like well like discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the well okay so well so um so you know um uh FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do um well like so you know well I mean I mean I mean um in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy uh like you know so well you know well I mean you know like Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be okay so well like I mean okay like I mean so I mean about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So you know like uh okay well so well like so you know welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur if like um uh uh um okay you know I mean like you know he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off um you know so so um um uh um I mean uh my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only to the second well you know like you know uh um um well uh okay point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, fuck I mean I mean okay you know uh you know like okay so I mean your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start to go I mean I mean like I mean I mean uh uh well I mean like smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting okay uh uh okay okay um I mean you know so I mean down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're so well you know you know I mean you know well like um well traveling back to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for I mean so I mean well like like okay you know like okay intentionally losing games to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college like you know um uh okay like so like okay okay basketball for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every so well so so so well well you know I mean you know day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you uh I mean I mean okay I mean well you know um uh you know get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the okay okay like like uh um I mean you know so like crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern you know well um okay well okay so so so um Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr like like uh like um uh I mean I mean like like. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical so okay well um I mean so um uh well you know Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care you know like okay well okay okay uh you know okay um. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join like you know uh I mean uh um okay well I mean okay us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful well like well okay okay well well well you know like techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what well well well you know um um you know like well so effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests well well okay well you know so I mean um you know well as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can you know okay uh okay you know like uh uh I mean well still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base like so you know okay well well okay uh like I mean and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those I mean um like you know well um I mean I mean I mean like skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this okay you know you know like like um you know like okay so Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you I mean so well so uh uh um well like so know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte so um um um um well uh like I mean so did not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even uh so okay okay um you know um so um okay talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from like so like well um like okay you know you know okay a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can like okay I mean so um um uh like okay um out cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it well well I mean uh so okay uh um I mean uh. Mmm. So why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links okay okay um I mean well you know so so um so with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is okay so um uh so um like well so you know the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I like well like well so I mean you know um uh okay first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's um um like so well um okay so so okay an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a I mean uh I mean uh um like well I mean you know well creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from well uh well uh like okay okay well like okay your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy like um like uh well um I mean um I mean well so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch so um um so so okay so I mean so well work literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of uh you know uh so well uh so okay well I mean me uploading my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with I mean you know well okay um uh uh like you know like no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and I mean uh okay uh well you know um well um um wine place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing uh well like like you know so well so like okay idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get okay okay you know like okay um you know so okay uh started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch like I mean I mean well so uh okay so you know so work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on I mean um um like I mean so well um um uh Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie okay well so you know okay you know I mean well okay so Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all well you know well like okay okay I mean okay uh well it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for um well well okay okay I mean you know you know you know I mean me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first well okay I mean so I mean well like you know well uh of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got like um okay you know you know so okay okay so well to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and okay um well like like so well uh I mean I mean He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it like so you know I mean I mean well um okay well uh the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to okay um like um so okay I mean I mean so um give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I okay okay uh like um you know okay uh well uh wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things like uh okay um so so um well so okay in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the joy I mean you know I mean like um so um so I mean I mean of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making um okay like well I mean um well okay like you know books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because we don't um okay um I mean I mean you know well you know uh like teach this in school to people but this is really one of those life uh okay so you know I mean okay you know um um like skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if okay okay okay okay uh okay you know um I mean so they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking so like so like I mean I mean well uh I mean uh to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need I mean you know well um okay like okay well um I mean more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital and I mean so well like so I mean okay you know well well we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper okay you know okay um you know so so okay well like. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean well okay you know so okay okay um um okay me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure like I mean okay um I mean well like um like so if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no so you know like I mean you know well you know I mean well uh money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it I mean okay like you know uh uh like I mean I mean so works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no I mean uh I mean like okay I mean like you know uh so money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want uh you know um I mean well uh like um you know like to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know you know like uh uh uh you know like well you know right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for um like you know you know well well um okay you know well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and um uh you know so so you know okay uh like okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found uh um uh like well well um um um okay that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make I mean okay uh like okay okay so you know um um a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We like so you know uh so well well uh um like talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they like um you know you know well like you know well like okay were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I like um well you know um um so you know so so wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome so I mean like well so well um well so you know to the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously you know like okay okay um like well okay well okay start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am well you know I mean uh well I mean like uh I mean I mean in real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet so okay so you know like so well so okay I mean because it was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to so okay uh well well um so so so um talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking I mean well uh like so well okay uh like okay to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets so so uh okay uh so I mean so you know uh. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about okay okay um I mean so like uh um you know you know how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your I mean I mean okay like well um I mean I mean um I mean personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I so um uh well okay uh like I mean you know well get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So I mean you know so I mean well um you know like well well this is our time for us to be together and for me to answer your well okay so I mean like so okay um like um questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship so you know well you know uh I mean um well you know uh for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am so I mean you know like so uh um like like well but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting you know so I mean like so uh well so well well their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor like so I mean I mean um uh so uh so you know five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson well uh I mean okay well uh I mean well um I mean by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports like okay you know I mean well you know well so um I mean car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all you know um um like well uh so well um well love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do okay okay well okay um you know I mean um uh I mean I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is so okay um okay okay um I mean so so um on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't so um I mean uh so well I mean okay I mean okay wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is you know you know I mean you know well well you know I mean okay well Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest okay you know I mean uh okay you know okay I mean so um on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things RSL about um um okay you know uh okay so so uh like the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? Adam? I mean I mean like like um like you know so you know well I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should um I mean okay uh so I mean I mean like you know like say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I mean so uh um so so well um um I mean I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do like well uh um um okay I mean like so so it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much um I mean I mean like like like um okay so you know so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, okay uh you know so you know um you know okay like well it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago so uh you know uh so um I mean you know so so and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you know like uh well I mean well you know like okay okay you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a I mean uh so you know well like you know like um well release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the uh so so so um well I mean you know like um choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened you know okay um well um well well well um well to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in so um um like so uh uh like uh so the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, okay like you know um okay uh you know you know so uh I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm okay well um okay okay uh you know you know um so not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just well um you know you know well um well uh uh you know filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all um well okay like um you know I mean uh um like these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be so so you know like you know so so uh like okay or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a you know you know so so like okay I mean okay uh well while and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the like I mean okay you know so well like well like okay choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in uh you know like you know like uh um I mean uh uh the music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to you know so so so uh so you know like well like pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment you know I mean I mean so you know you know you know like I mean I mean our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's um well um you know so uh okay okay I mean I mean in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of like you know uh so um um you know I mean like so the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what I mean well okay well uh like okay like so okay its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic well you know I mean well so um well I mean you know so than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a um okay I mean like like well um well like okay farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of like so I mean I mean like you know I mean I mean so so Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little so I mean well I mean like like so okay uh like bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I uh well um um well um um so well okay absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow you to like like um okay okay I mean like okay you know well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor okay I mean I mean um uh uh okay you know like uh distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts well so uh I mean uh so like I mean I mean um and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You don't you know so okay well like uh well uh well so need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need to um um uh I mean uh okay um I mean so like make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and accessible okay so um well you know you know okay okay like like and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to uh well well okay so uh okay okay so uh Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the like like um so uh um so so okay so easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast you know uh you know you know like um like uh well uh. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 like okay I mean so so like so like okay so minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good I mean I mean okay uh uh well okay uh well okay morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next well well well so so um so I mean you know you know few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some um I mean um so well you know I mean well okay well inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word okay okay um uh uh like I mean uh so so of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God you know you know uh um okay you know I mean uh uh okay for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to okay you know you know I mean so um well um I mean uh orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom um um you know um well okay I mean uh well you know and privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a um okay you know um like I mean uh so you know like podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record um so you know uh well I mean uh so uh okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your you know you know like you know uh okay well so like so podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many I mean you know I mean um uh okay okay like okay uh more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship okay well like like um well like um um I mean is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle like okay well you know uh uh uh um well you know up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson I mean uh so um I mean like okay uh uh uh This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not you know okay like I mean like I mean you know you know well uh just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe well well so like uh um I mean well so well that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account uh I mean uh uh uh um I mean uh okay okay. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is like you know uh well I mean uh well uh uh like Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about something okay um um I mean I mean so okay okay so like that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very so like I mean like um you know well you know you know you know informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me okay you know uh uh um okay well so okay well something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, I mean well okay you know okay I mean um you know uh okay and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we well okay okay so uh so um okay uh so grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 uh uh I mean well I mean um well well um I mean 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and you know um you know so I mean you know you know I mean um okay nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just so well so I mean so you know like uh you know I mean don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja so I mean well uh well you know so um uh so Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here uh like you know so uh well um um uh so real stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister um like so uh okay uh so well like um at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes um so I mean so uh okay I mean you know like so. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy I mean well like I mean um well I mean okay you know um Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you know I mean uh you know like like like so I mean I mean you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week uh like like uh okay okay uh well well uh. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure um well okay okay like I mean so um well um. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition uh so so okay you know well so well I mean okay of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a okay you know you know um you know so so like okay like guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to like um so well I mean well like like like like do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on a you know like I mean you know I mean uh well well um so podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode okay I mean well like well like so so you know okay of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual okay you know like well you know um like uh I mean okay principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin well you know well I mean so uh so uh I mean so Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand okay like okay well you know um um okay so so scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations in your okay uh so so um I mean um so well well life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a new guest well you know um uh well um well I mean so like here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is a like uh um uh I mean like okay like okay um life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to be uh uh uh I mean um I mean um okay well um my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but uh well so so uh so well so I mean okay yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want to I mean um so um I mean you know um well I mean uh start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well like um well like uh like uh well well like is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's I mean you know well so you know okay you know I mean so you know everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop you know I mean I mean I mean well okay I mean so I mean I mean doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, how are well um uh so I mean so you know you know like okay you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would you have um I mean well um I mean well um uh like so to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust uh I mean well I mean okay so you know so like like me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with well well I mean okay okay I mean okay um so so socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last so uh uh uh so like you know you know uh so Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by you know you know okay like okay so I mean okay um I mean estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a you know well okay um you know so okay okay well well professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career uh okay so so I mean well um I mean you know okay Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment so okay I mean well uh um like well you know so room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and uh okay like uh I mean you know well like well like I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions you know uh okay so you know I mean um well okay uh. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering you know um I mean okay okay I mean okay okay uh well the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So so you know okay um you know well um like so well today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Wendy's uh uh like like um okay like well well so granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter you know um well so I mean like well um um I mean Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On like I mean like so um you know uh so so you know this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on uh um like like like uh like okay like you know America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I like okay I mean I mean um well um um you know I mean have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? like well well like I mean so well uh um okay This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as okay you know uh so well so like okay so like well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so you know um I mean you know you know so I mean you know um so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry okay so well well uh so I mean you know um you know because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest uh um like like like so you know you know you know uh today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society okay you know you know okay so well like okay so uh. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I think you know well I mean you know well okay uh well well like are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the really uh you know so I mean so okay I mean so you know you know cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about um like I mean um uh you know well like um you know the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the like well I mean well um uh uh I mean I mean I mean music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I I mean okay so um okay so uh well um you know am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to okay well uh uh uh you know okay you know so so get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked uh I mean um uh like well um okay well okay up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made okay okay uh well you know so I mean so you know so with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading um okay well so like I mean I mean you know well well on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only okay well uh so you know okay uh you know you know okay subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing well so I mean okay like you know okay uh okay like this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my so I mean like well okay uh um okay okay like name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and well um uh um um uh uh okay you know uh Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is um well so okay like so uh um okay I mean Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random well well like so uh well well I mean like well holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government I mean well so well okay um uh well I mean I mean has thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what uh I mean um you know um you know um okay I mean you know I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about well like um uh uh like like um like like starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called well um you know um I mean uh well well well you know anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's like you know um well so I mean you know well um like a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from like like I mean um uh well so um I mean I mean your phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it okay like well like well you know uh you know well I mean can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your uh you know like you know I mean um um so um okay podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one so like like well I mean you know um well well you know place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type okay uh so so so like uh uh uh like in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely like so well I mean okay okay I mean you know like well teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagramcom um like um I mean well like okay I mean so well. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus series you know okay so uh uh like well uh uh uh after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at um um um uh you know uh uh you know like okay BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and like well okay okay you know you know okay uh you know so gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating I mean well so well you know so like so like I mean not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll be uh I mean uh um I mean um I mean like um um getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki as you know you know so like um like um you know uh so well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of the so um like so well you know okay I mean I mean um comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being brought back okay like so so um okay like like okay like to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions so will well you know I mean okay I mean you know uh uh okay I mean be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki okay like like okay so um well like like uh. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like well I mean so well um okay well you know so like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe well I mean um I mean uh I mean so um um I mean for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to um like I mean I mean uh okay um so so well Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like uh okay okay like okay well I mean well uh um to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show you know well you know um um so so like okay I mean start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your so um like well well I mean uh well well I mean brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every you know okay I mean well so so uh I mean well okay day we talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of well so well um you know uh I mean so well okay the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that you know you know like well uh like so so um uh ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The I mean so well okay okay okay okay um you know so Ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going you know like you know like you know well so like well um on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up uh you know um okay I mean okay um well so um. Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying well I mean well well well um so so I mean okay to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night you know so you know um um okay you know I mean so um and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here like well like I mean I mean um okay okay uh well we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every uh okay um like um like um I mean okay uh weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and uh so okay um uh well you know I mean I mean you know certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the you know uh so so I mean uh uh so uh okay Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? you know uh um uh you know like I mean um uh okay Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in well um you know so like you know well well you know you know a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a so well I mean so I mean uh um like well um cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to you know um um like like like I mean uh so like listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True like well I mean well okay uh um I mean well uh Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On Spotify you know okay so so um like okay well um okay or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day like well well well so okay so uh uh I mean in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California well I mean you know so like you know okay um you know well was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back okay okay well so uh so like you know okay like baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been um I mean I mean you know like well like like um well going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before so I mean okay uh uh like well like so you know Christmas then we're gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's well I mean I mean I mean so like you know um okay so very happy way and we have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he like you know like you know well okay uh you know um you know is busy and then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed okay um I mean um I mean uh okay um like you know know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we you know well well uh I mean you know so okay well um weren't in the mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back well uh I mean well you know okay well okay uh okay thing is though a lot of people have been saying to us like when you I mean okay well so uh uh I mean okay uh okay gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? Absolutely, uh I mean um so okay I mean like okay okay um not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we so so you know uh okay uh you know I mean you know you know all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in I mean like I mean well like um okay I mean okay well danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what okay um you know like uh well um you know uh um is going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some well so uh well uh okay like well I mean um more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season you know like uh I mean uh okay okay um um like. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me you know well um well so so like so okay well just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so um you know you know you know um like um well so uh off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get I mean so you know so I mean uh okay well you know you know to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to talk well so like like uh so okay well so uh about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a so like so okay like well uh I mean well like daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means uh uh so well you know uh you know you know so well to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do like I mean okay uh like like you know well you know well not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self well um well well like I mean like you know um so is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us um you know so so like like um okay so I mean an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to I mean you know so well um um so um I mean you know the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the well you know you know um like like like okay like uh things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if well okay I mean I mean so you know like uh well like you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast okay okay like well um so okay like so like first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you you know like like okay um uh uh you know okay like money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right okay you know like I mean okay so I mean well well well from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft okay I mean like I mean like well like you know well I mean have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you so like uh you know okay well like okay like uh. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where so uh you know like like like you know you know um I mean you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order you know I mean I mean so uh I mean okay um um like to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record um like you know you know you know okay well you know well I mean the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's so I mean um I mean like well I mean okay okay well everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So um I mean I mean so well okay so I mean well okay if you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start so I mean okay you know um um like uh well I mean now, you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on uh okay okay like okay you know well well you know so FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor well I mean so you know so you know so um I mean you know for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, I mean I mean you know you know I mean um like I mean uh uh this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that uh like I mean so I mean you know I mean like um you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor um so uh so uh so okay I mean you know so will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple okay you know I mean okay well well like like uh uh podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're so well you know okay so you know so um so okay extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast you know well okay uh okay well okay uh I mean well and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money well um so like well like okay I mean um uh from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make I mean well like I mean um uh well I mean okay so a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something so um well well uh you know like you know you know uh like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like well I mean okay I mean I mean I mean you know well you know dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA you know I mean okay so okay I mean well you know so I mean Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what like so you know uh well so so uh I mean I mean up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like um um well uh you know okay you know um okay like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top I mean okay so okay uh um I mean you know uh okay and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the so you know uh I mean um like you know well well I mean podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He like okay okay like so so uh so so I mean has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for you know so okay I mean like well I mean like I mean I mean a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road well uh okay uh I mean okay so well um um and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few older I mean I mean so you know okay you know okay I mean well so. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And if like you know uh um uh uh uh um like um we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations recording I mean um I mean so so like um so okay well and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form well like uh you know I mean well okay um you know um to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce I mean um well like like um um I mean well like ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who um um okay like you know like um I mean so so you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve into I mean you know like I mean like okay I mean like uh so some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction you know so so so I mean um um I mean okay okay my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of uh okay you know so like okay um so well so a wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We like like I mean uh you know I mean so you know um I mean find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day uh uh well okay um okay I mean so I mean okay Parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water like like so like um uh well you know I mean um and join us for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared like like um you know so okay I mean so so uh mostly by Casey and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family uh um like well so I mean you know like well okay. Now, you're a part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're um okay I mean you know um okay so okay uh so part of our family. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a I mean you know uh like uh um I mean uh like okay part of our family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I uh you know uh well uh um well okay so well just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes uh you know uh so like um well okay so um. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but I'm um well uh uh you know um you know like I mean you know going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know an so I mean uh you know I mean well okay uh um uh answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear it. Sometimes I mean like okay you know like like like like you know so they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me every okay well so um well I mean like so uh um time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes uh you know so uh like so so so okay like I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can so you know like I mean like so uh I mean uh uh listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free you know so so you know well you know um okay I mean you know without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus so well uh um so like I mean you know so like you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can well like well so uh okay like I mean um okay download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you know um well so um um I mean so I mean uh you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, um you know so well so uh well I mean um like be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on okay okay I mean um um like uh okay like okay Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So like like okay you know well you know I mean so I mean uh you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of uh you know you know uh you know well I mean I mean okay like Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show uh um I mean uh I mean well so you know you know I mean. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I okay so well you know so so well I mean uh uh answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have okay well you know you know okay uh I mean okay okay um a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because I had well so okay I mean well you know well I mean uh um been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it can um uh well uh you know you know okay well I mean um be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern um well um you know okay uh so I mean uh so of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know better than uh um well so so well I mean I mean okay you know to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and you know so um so um like you know uh okay I mean it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so very like I mean I mean like I mean so okay okay you know like profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that you know like well um okay okay I mean well um uh he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm okay so so like okay uh like well uh um Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title you know uh um I mean um so like like like so ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy well uh I mean okay okay well so okay well so too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have you know I mean so uh so um okay well I mean I mean some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up um uh so you know um you know you know like you know um along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking uh um well okay well so you know well I mean I mean as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a well you know okay I mean I mean um like um uh okay Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego so you know so uh um well okay uh well well Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super I mean well like so I mean well um um so like Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape you know like well well so you know so I mean uh uh with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to uh okay so well well I mean you know I mean like I mean help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then you know I mean uh well okay uh so uh well like there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on like well well um okay I mean okay like um so this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his I mean uh I mean like like like okay okay like okay superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be okay well well uh I mean like well uh well okay remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you uh I mean well uh well uh so like I mean uh have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's uh okay well okay like you know um uh okay um micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two board like okay so well so uh so uh like you know relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important facts like I mean uh well okay uh um I mean so okay for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question uh so I mean like like so uh I mean well well for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you uh like well um so so um well well well need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast I mean like well um you know like um like uh okay. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I mean okay um uh so you know I mean so I mean you know I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in um so so like I mean I mean well okay okay uh this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex you know uh okay um I mean um well like okay you know business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads well like um like okay okay I mean uh okay you know. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as okay well like well like uh uh um uh uh other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too um uh I mean you know like so okay so okay like afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my apartment um so uh you know uh um I mean I mean like um in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but like you know like so you know so um okay well um basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like um so you know well like um so um so I mean subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then okay like um I mean okay you know okay um I mean um they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up like uh well uh well like okay well well like. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and uh so like well like um okay uh I mean uh she just like got right and did not try to get to know uh uh you know so you know uh you know like uh um me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I uh like so um you know well I mean okay like uh was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 okay well well well you know um okay you know like uh minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got um um well well okay like like I mean well I mean right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I so um well well okay well well you know you know I mean always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do uh like you know um like like so okay uh uh comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know um like so so okay so you know so okay okay and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about like okay um so you know uh so uh uh you know God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more I mean so I mean um um you know like I mean you know I mean deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full well um I mean uh okay uh um okay well well of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want uh so I mean I mean uh okay like like uh you know you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in so I mean so like like uh you know so so okay podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag uh like like I mean you know well so uh like uh garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see like so you know um um you know I mean well like uh your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you know well um so um like so um well uh you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's so uh like so um so okay okay I mean I mean youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio well well okay um like uh uh uh I mean so experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn I mean um uh well you know well okay you know okay okay. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in like like so like okay well you know um uh um your phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which well so uh uh uh well okay well I mean you know ones but I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and well like like well so well okay okay okay you know I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes so like you know so like so okay you know you know so right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if well uh okay so you know like um so like I mean I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because I mean so um like like you know uh so okay like it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is so well you know well well you know uh uh I mean like warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff so so uh I mean well uh I mean like so okay with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the okay well okay okay well you know um well um um trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost so uh okay well I mean uh okay um you know you know got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite um okay well uh you know okay uh okay uh like. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes okay I mean okay so um okay I mean okay okay uh into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel I mean like you know okay I mean well okay okay okay uh like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just okay so okay so uh you know like okay okay uh say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or you know well uh so uh like you know you know you know you know 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like so okay so uh so I mean uh uh I mean so tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know well um like well okay well uh um I mean I mean why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that um okay well well uh okay like okay uh so way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of you know you know like you know okay well okay okay I mean like our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz I mean well uh okay so um like like like um love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of I mean I mean you know so um um like I mean like okay a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is gonna I mean um like well uh like um like okay you know be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's been a long so so well okay I mean well like um I mean okay time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a while now, well like um you know um um like um like like but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the well okay I mean okay like so um I mean okay well thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's you know like um well okay uh uh so uh so get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks well so so uh uh I mean I mean so so uh of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, so uh well well you know so uh um well I mean trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you um so well I mean um I mean like like uh uh know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the I mean you know well I mean uh well you know like okay I mean moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always um um uh okay well well so okay um you know date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of you know um so I mean so you know um so you know okay this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG uh well um well um I mean uh I mean um I mean Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I um you know I mean I mean so uh okay so uh so am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super like uh like I mean okay okay I mean you know well um early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some um well uh you know uh okay well I mean you know you know fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am I um so so um well uh I mean um um so 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just well well uh so uh uh I mean um you know um been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my you know I mean uh like you know like well so well okay co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure. You so um okay you know well okay uh like you know okay know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got home from the gym uh okay um uh you know okay you know you know um okay. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food. So I had to I mean like like I mean um you know okay like I mean okay clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So you know like well well you know you know so uh you know like I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy like I mean okay so um I mean so um I mean um how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up so you know okay um um like uh you know so like because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which um I mean um you know okay uh so uh well okay I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions um okay you know I mean so so I mean you know um um on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free well like you know uh well you know um uh okay um editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for I mean uh uh okay so I mean like so well uh you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor like uh um I mean you know I mean so I mean well you know app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC I mean like I mean you know uh like I mean I mean I mean okay hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode okay I mean I mean uh you know like like well like I mean of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you I mean well okay well uh you know um so you know well so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of um like um well uh you know you know I mean uh so a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last I mean like um well so okay well like you know I mean name kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that okay okay well so um like you know uh uh uh breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual you know uh so so um I mean so so uh like restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we you know uh you know um you know okay uh like well so doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind uh so I mean you know like so so well well uh of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it uh uh I mean you know like well um like like um be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian like like so okay okay uh uh like you know you know food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee um well so I mean okay I mean you know I mean okay okay and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape um okay uh uh um like I mean um okay I mean here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also you know uh well okay uh uh I mean okay okay okay a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number okay um so well you know I mean I mean okay uh okay of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not okay so well like um uh you know so I mean um that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is about um uh I mean okay I mean okay okay um um well coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the Thumbs I mean like like you know like you know I mean uh okay um Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast well I mean like like okay so like like so um or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment okay um so you know well you know I mean I mean you know you know if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're excited uh I mean I mean I mean I mean like you know uh so um to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are um so well well okay like okay so well well using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your like uh you know well so so you know you know okay um free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right here um you know well like I mean you know uh well like well. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous. Hi. I was here about okay uh well I mean uh um you know like so you know six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled well well uh I mean uh uh well okay I mean like treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son okay so uh like um okay you know um uh okay of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of I mean you know you know so um I mean like you know you know I mean what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to okay I mean okay so uh you know you know well I mean you know shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred like you know so you know well you know so like well you know thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all have one thing uh so you know I mean uh well I mean uh well well in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now uh well uh so I mean like you know um um so we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in so uh you know so like like um you know um uh addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast uh uh well um like like um I mean so so from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales okay you know I mean you know uh well so you know like um and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the um so well okay you know um so you know well like show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger um you know uh well I mean so so um well you know acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a um um so I mean so like I mean okay well well local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which so well like I mean uh uh okay uh well like instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My like like so well like um well you know um well name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall okay you know um I mean so okay you know like so so Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy I mean you know I mean so you know I mean so um um uh. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more like I mean well um okay um uh so I mean well targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done okay I mean I mean uh okay well you know so well uh watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy like so so you know like well uh I mean um um. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that you know I mean so um so like you know uh I mean you know here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson okay uh well well well so I mean uh um um Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? like well uh well uh you know like um like you know Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me so um you know so I mean um well uh um uh and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast like okay so okay um well okay like okay you know. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little okay uh like like you know um um I mean okay you know full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this um uh you know well you know like well like okay you know and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening like you know okay you know I mean I mean okay uh like okay at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both you know so okay like uh like so uh um like be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, I mean uh okay well well you know okay well well okay why don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues uh you know I mean you know uh like uh uh uh I mean with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my um um I mean well okay uh you know you know like okay first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much for like you know so uh okay uh um so like like tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the uh okay uh okay well okay you know um so you know time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not uh you know I mean you know I mean I mean I mean well I mean so take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after well so well uh I mean I mean um you know well okay a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in okay well um okay you know okay um okay okay well a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble you know you know well uh well you know so like I mean okay me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what are you know um um um uh you know so I mean so uh the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact I mean like okay well uh you know well well like so to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this so okay um like well okay so I mean uh so passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor like so okay so um like so okay uh okay its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that you know I mean okay well you know like like so I mean okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our you know I mean so I mean okay you know you know you know so I mean podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh okay okay um you know I mean like like well uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need like well okay okay you know I mean okay well like so to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your so I mean you know I mean well okay you know uh okay okay phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow well uh okay okay you know so well okay um like again. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined so like um uh well uh well okay I mean uh by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know you know I mean well like you know okay um so I mean like that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a so um um well I mean I mean you know well so I mean king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch um like well well okay like well um so um with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal you know uh um um you know well uh okay so um Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our uh you know so like uh you know okay well um uh political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade okay uh okay I mean uh like you know I mean okay uh every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like you know I mean uh you know you know you know like like okay like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? I mean I mean okay well okay so okay well um um So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to you know well you know um um like uh uh like I mean go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth well okay okay you know well okay like you know um so of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your you know you know uh so so so uh okay like you know own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the well well um you know uh so so uh well well easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools okay like I mean well I mean like uh okay like okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay like okay okay so well uh so um okay. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify like well okay so like I mean okay I mean well I mean Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership uh so um well um well so uh okay well. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the um well I mean okay um uh like you know um uh free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you know okay like okay okay you know you know um um like you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get okay so okay so well well uh okay you know you know the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's you know well okay um like uh um I mean like well your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain so um so okay you know um like um you know so it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast um okay uh um like you know I mean um okay so right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you like uh well um um um um um like I mean. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you well like okay I mean I mean okay I mean so um I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything um I mean so I mean like like I mean like I mean so you need to make podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome uh okay okay I mean uh okay I mean you know like okay to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it uh uh like well okay you know um you know like uh good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme well um like so um so so like okay okay song that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can okay okay uh you know well well well uh I mean okay check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March you know like uh well so um okay okay you know okay 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever um uh like you know um like um like uh like considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I well you know okay so uh well well well like I mean can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get you know well like like um okay uh so you know uh it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button okay I mean you know so you know okay so so like okay. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other uh you know okay well like like like well okay okay platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer like okay so okay you know like well you know uh uh. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it okay um I mean you know okay well well well um uh. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so like I mean so so uh like so uh uh I mean much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to well um so well well well uh so um okay start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again like well you know you know I mean um okay you know you know well. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um so you know well uh uh uh well uh well get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to so well I mean well you know you know okay like uh um Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction episode well well like like like uh uh like uh well for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give you a bit uh well uh so so uh okay like I mean you know of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about. Each week and uh okay okay well like well so uh like I mean give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the um um um you know well you know you know so like like upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years and well you know okay you know okay like well I mean like like I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the game um okay well okay I mean like um okay you know uh The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I okay um uh I mean okay so like uh uh I mean give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players uh uh okay so uh you know um uh uh well who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to the so so um okay I mean I mean okay so so okay Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow him on Twitter you know um like well uh uh like uh I mean uh at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record edit and you know uh I mean like well okay okay um um so publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast like so you know uh okay well uh um so um on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery I mean um okay like so okay so you know well um size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for okay like um uh okay you know I mean you know well uh this thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my well you know like you know um okay I mean you know okay um name is Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are you know um so so um like you know well so okay a fitness based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast I mean um okay well like well you know um okay so is honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for um you know like you know so I mean I mean you know uh okay it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a um uh uh I mean um I mean like well uh like little bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and you know so uh like I mean you know okay you know I mean well who it's for. So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one like I mean so so so well like like um I mean of our values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half uh um I mean um um okay like so so well years old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast like so you know uh um um like well you know so as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other you know you know you know um you know uh like you know I mean so Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary okay okay uh uh I mean um um you know so like stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban um uh okay well I mean well so well okay I mean legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name so um um so I mean well you know um so okay is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can well um um you know like well okay well uh well go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, like well I mean so so um okay okay okay you know you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode well uh like like well I mean like you know I mean like of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina well like so so like um uh so okay uh to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the you know okay well well uh you know uh I mean okay um world that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this I mean uh uh well I mean um I mean so like uh week in American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are well you know uh so I mean well okay I mean like okay gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend I mean um um so uh uh okay um so okay Tina. This episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null uh so so well okay you know you know uh so you know. Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other okay okay like okay uh okay uh like okay so not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin so you know uh uh um you know so so um uh. Remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what well um uh you know uh I mean you know so so uh I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be uh uh like um um I mean um okay um so refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone like like you know uh uh I mean uh uh uh like showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast okay you know I mean um okay uh so so you know like where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business I mean um uh um um um like you know uh you know and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day you know you know so so you know uh so uh okay so we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for you know well you know well well I mean you know you know like okay landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need like uh um um I mean okay I mean uh well okay to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a uh uh like so uh well I mean you know okay um Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting you know okay uh like you know like you know so so well into creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've I mean so so like uh well well uh you know uh been working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites like well like you know so uh I mean um uh I mean and how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites so well well you know um um I mean like so um that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys um you know I mean um like like you know uh well um podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a you know like um like well okay okay like okay uh little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will like I mean I mean I mean uh I mean so I mean so I mean admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make you know uh um okay like you know like you know uh like a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to like like um I mean uh I mean okay like so like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast um okay I mean okay you know uh I mean you know okay well for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast like okay uh I mean okay like like uh like you know my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no um like okay so you know uh okay you know you know okay minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, okay like well you know okay I mean like you know so well let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We uh okay okay okay you know you know like you know um so got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We uh um I mean uh well uh you know I mean you know um got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good um so like like you know like uh you know like um and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you I mean so well so uh um I mean so so well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor you know well well so uh like um I mean um um distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're um I mean so like well uh so like okay well looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of I mean I mean well like okay like well like well you know podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today okay so like like so uh you know I mean like so. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain you know like um uh well um um you know I mean okay my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett like I mean like okay so um I mean uh well um here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we just uh okay like uh like uh so you know okay so talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on the so well so you know so um like okay well okay deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you all so so okay okay uh uh like I mean um um. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners like uh okay uh you know I mean I mean like like well. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki so like I mean well well you know like I mean well um Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey like so well you know well um I mean you know okay you know covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time major so so so like you know I mean so okay uh okay Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental well like like um like you know okay you know I mean well yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell like I mean uh so so so okay well like so given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it uh um um um okay like um so so um is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest well um I mean okay well I mean well like I mean um in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the so well I mean like I mean so uh I mean um well large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article okay well like uh well uh you know so you know um that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic you know like well you know I mean uh okay uh you know like data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell I mean uh I mean well you know you know so like you know okay is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is I mean so you know well well um uh um so uh 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward okay like I mean you know I mean uh you know okay well well where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining I mean well well well like um well um um I mean us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We like well uh uh okay like like so well uh are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so um well okay like well like like uh okay I mean we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what you know I mean so like you know like okay you know um well could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I know I mean well so well so you know okay uh so uh in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of news well you know you know like well like uh I mean uh you know that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might be okay okay uh okay you know uh well okay uh like nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't I mean like um okay uh okay like I mean um okay necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an um okay uh um like like so like well so article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this I mean you know I mean like I mean like um you know you know uh podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions well okay um um well so um well um you know of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, like um I mean well okay okay I mean like well like please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are okay well uh so like like well so okay you know say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I um like well well uh I mean you know well so so am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me so okay uh um I mean so I mean well well okay know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with well I mean like okay um um uh I mean well I mean Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the like okay okay so like okay uh I mean like uh top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us like so um um so like well okay um okay go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to well uh well okay you know okay okay okay I mean um do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and like okay uh so so I mean okay um like um travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right for I mean I mean you know so well I mean okay um um um us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you um uh well um so like uh you know okay like please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help like well um um well like so okay you know you know us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name so uh you know like um uh well I mean well okay is Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast uh uh okay so so I mean I mean so uh uh and next week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle I mean well so I mean you know you know well okay okay like speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is uh so I mean well um like so so like I mean the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and well well you know okay like okay like I mean so you know Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his so okay like I mean so well uh um well you know feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need like you know you know okay you know uh like you know like uh everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah okay like like um uh um well uh you know okay Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz um okay uh um like so I mean well so I mean you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current so okay you know I mean okay so so well I mean I mean phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our like well uh um okay okay uh okay okay uh 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll you know I mean I mean um you know uh okay okay well so talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like you know I mean okay well um so uh okay um um nervous today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know um uh so uh you know well like I mean like I mean why I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to uh okay well okay I mean you know I mean you know you know uh prior to this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been well I mean like like you know well you know like um like here for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh so I mean okay I mean I mean so um uh okay uh I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate okay uh uh like well uh well like like like more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say well um uh well you know well like like you know well thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy so okay um okay so I mean like okay uh well in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we um you know so I mean you know I mean okay so you know um have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You you know uh like well you know I mean um okay like like may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what okay so okay okay uh um I mean I mean okay uh is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father okay well okay um so like you know um I mean so in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic you know so uh okay so uh so I mean you know well Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is okay um uh like um okay I mean okay so well Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing you know okay you know you know you know uh I mean I mean well uh good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk okay like well uh like you know I mean um like well now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show well I mean I mean I mean okay so so okay you know you know. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight so uh okay I mean you know um like so I mean well. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole well um um well uh I mean you know I mean you know um jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up uh like like um um okay uh like okay so to their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things I mean uh well okay you know you know uh like um so at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be well okay um okay you know so so you know so like doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown well uh like you know you know like you know uh um so class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live you know uh I mean you know so um uh well um you know chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me okay um like well um you know like well I mean I mean in the chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as uh you know you know okay so okay like so okay well you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly uh like I mean uh uh okay um you know so well tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about you know so you know uh like you know well um um I mean Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have um well like um I mean well um okay you know uh done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front well I mean you know so okay you know I mean I mean so okay tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase so like okay I mean I mean so you know so so uh any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this so um so okay you know so like you know well I mean episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome I mean I mean uh like uh well you know so you know well back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media today um like like so so so like like okay um. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma well you know well I mean um I mean you know uh okay like route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand CrossFit and like like well like okay uh well um um you know how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome guys I mean okay I mean um okay like okay um like you know Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair so okay you know like you know I mean okay okay uh uh bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to so you know uh um um like um okay so so cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and um well I mean I mean okay I mean I mean you know I mean you know raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New okay like I mean um um uh I mean I mean you know like Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode well I mean so I mean um so uh well I mean uh. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you uh like like I mean like um you know um like you know can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a uh like I mean so you know I mean I mean like uh well loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset you know okay well um well so um so okay you know coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and coaching well uh like okay um you know well well um okay business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough like you know uh uh you know well like like well well times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted I mean like so I mean um so well okay so um to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of like uh okay okay okay well you know like so like social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go you know like okay you know okay so so like I mean well to the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus okay so like so um well you know I mean uh uh from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between okay you know like I mean okay you know um so I mean um you plan on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our so I mean okay uh uh well okay so well like campus. We also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range I mean I mean uh um okay well like well okay I mean of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun like like so so well you know well you know you know you know contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this so I mean so okay okay uh uh I mean well uh mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so okay I mean I mean you know uh like um well well um guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for so so okay you know you know okay um well so you know our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as uh okay you know uh uh you know you know I mean I mean um well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join well okay I mean like okay well um um like I mean us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I so so I mean so I mean like um um you know well hope you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had uh I mean uh uh you know okay I mean I mean I mean well a moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised I mean well uh uh well okay okay so um so. It's always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm I mean like uh uh I mean uh uh well uh um always really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you like so well so uh well so so um like go always like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually uh I mean uh well I mean so you know um you know I mean good at that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's you know you know I mean well I mean I mean so so I mean uh hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your okay I mean I mean so uh like I mean okay so like heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I well uh um well you know um well you know um okay don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset uh I mean um I mean uh uh uh I mean I mean okay says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about so so uh like like you know okay like well uh doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast um like uh you know well I mean you know like okay I mean go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I well um so uh you know you know okay um okay I mean said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like um you know well okay uh uh so um um I mean sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and I mean I mean so well like I mean well uh okay um things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super I mean okay you know uh you know well um like you know uh loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then like so um um like well uh um um you know there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the um uh okay I mean uh um okay so I mean you know team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with you know um okay like like like like well uh I mean the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset I mean okay like um um you know like I mean you know so about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports I mean like you know okay okay um uh uh well um Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly you know you know uh uh uh um uh so you know I mean credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating so um so you know okay well so like uh uh and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this like um you know I mean um you know well um like so podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform uh um um um like um well um so I mean. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally okay uh uh like um uh like well um uh free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record um well I mean you know I mean like you know well uh like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for well uh like um like well uh well well uh you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms you like um well um you know you know uh uh well I mean can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good like uh okay well like um uh okay so uh. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, please download the I mean I mean you know I mean uh well like um uh well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me you know I mean I mean so um okay well okay I mean okay. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you so um like uh I mean well uh so you know so follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know I mean um okay okay uh uh well like uh okay that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word okay like I mean um well well you know I mean well okay of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at you know uh you know well I mean you know I mean so you know okay real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking very specific um so so I mean okay okay um okay you know uh scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is that as well you know you know uh so like uh well I mean like we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we so okay I mean uh um okay you know so um uh will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am so convinced and um like well um you know I mean so so you know um I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's well um okay well um you know like like so so the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind like okay you know okay well um like um uh um has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social uh um uh like well well um okay like like media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of okay well uh I mean well uh uh you know like okay things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like you know so well so like okay you know okay I mean like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take you know well uh I mean okay I mean well you know um you know it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need like okay like you know like I mean like like well okay to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week like okay like okay you know so I mean um like um. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the okay you know so I mean uh um I mean uh I mean okay weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel so I mean like so uh you know like um okay you know and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now I mean you know you know I mean so uh like um okay you know and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited okay um I mean um I mean well so so you know well Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in so like okay well um well um uh like uh this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the like uh well I mean um well so you know okay so vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a okay you know well well like uh uh um you know well quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I well you know okay like okay I mean you know um uh well was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot you know I mean well I mean okay well I mean you know like okay on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not operating you know well okay okay well you know uh well like well on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning okay so well I mean um uh well like well I mean Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, um um uh so uh okay okay I mean okay like I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got so I mean so I mean so like uh I mean okay okay to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you know so so well uh like um um so I mean um about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes um so like okay like I mean uh you know okay you know it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has like so um I mean so uh you know so uh okay all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your uh you know you know I mean um like so okay so uh phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever like so um you know okay I mean like well okay well podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if you're you know I mean um I mean I mean um you know you know you know uh just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out um I mean um you know well uh like like uh um download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started uh well I mean so uh um I mean so okay well. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks you know you know like you know well so I mean uh like um. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do a feature like like uh like like um I mean well I mean well on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so like okay okay you know okay like um so you know well good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it I mean okay okay uh you know uh um like like uh was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, um well so uh uh okay um you know uh like like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always um um so I mean well I mean okay you know okay okay like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him I mean well okay so well like you know so you know you know singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the um okay you know okay I mean like you know uh you know uh floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have well so you know I mean so well well uh okay well like a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first you know so okay uh I mean okay so uh well um song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic well uh uh like like like so uh so like stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you know you know like okay okay like okay uh um um you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you like okay so okay I mean so well like like okay listen to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content you know well uh um um uh so okay you know like. There's over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years so uh I mean well so well like okay like uh and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 well you know you know um um um okay well I mean like years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he uh uh well um I mean okay so you know well so went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to uh okay so okay um uh I mean um um like the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids you know um you know I mean um you know um I mean uh like in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So well you know okay I mean so so so uh well um when they went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to uh okay I mean uh uh you know like well okay well the NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church I mean you know um um uh uh um like um I mean when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been uh you know well like like okay I mean like you know you know to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the uh well um you know um you know I mean so okay uh player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with um like like you know like you know well I mean um um me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and okay you know um well okay um like I mean you know so I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you know you know um uh uh you know okay uh I mean you know you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of uh well well um you know okay you know I mean so um Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app I mean so uh you know like uh like okay like so today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries you know well you know okay you know um okay you know uh uh on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or I mean you know um like uh you know you know okay uh so commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of so like um like okay so well like well I mean hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary uh um you know okay like I mean okay I mean well you know of best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett um so well you know like you know you know okay I mean uh and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you you know okay uh like so you know you know you know you know well what you do for a living do you joyfully say I have the best okay well okay so uh um um okay um I mean job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my okay well uh uh so well I mean I mean you know you know time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me well you know um okay uh okay like um like so be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's like so okay like well uh so uh you know um nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and well so uh so uh so uh so you know you know I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I okay so you know well like um like um um you know like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm okay like um um okay well well well well okay every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I okay like uh you know well you know you know um I mean I mean can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to okay okay well um you know you know um you know I mean okay for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll uh you know like I mean you know well okay so okay like understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume you know uh okay like um well so you know like so so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but okay so um okay like you know um you know uh you know pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who like uh uh I mean well you know I mean you know um um have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert you know uh uh you know uh you know you know well you know well or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult development you know uh uh like uh uh well you know okay you know. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to uh um okay uh so I mean I mean um uh okay this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview like I mean uh you know like you know you know like I mean so of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the like you know like you know well um um so like so last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan you know like like like I mean so like okay so well isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but uh so like like so I mean like you know um like also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for uh well um okay I mean uh okay I mean you know like you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What like like like you know I mean okay you know uh um so do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like you know you know well like I mean well uh um like you know us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I I mean so like okay uh like okay I mean so uh mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor I mean I mean okay okay um so I mean I mean so well because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an uh like like okay so um well um so so easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are I mean okay so well like you know I mean um I mean like opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother I mean well um okay you know so like you know I mean uh or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go so so so you know I mean so I mean okay well uh home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd okay so um okay um um okay uh so so. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you okay like like like like so like okay well well guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll so you know okay like um so um you know okay I mean see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman I mean so I mean uh I mean so um um well uh. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up you know you know I mean I mean um um I mean you know like I mean and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on you know uh like um I mean okay um you know um okay this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and well uh okay well well like so you know like like Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for okay you know so well um uh like okay like so a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few like um um I mean like well uh uh so like months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? um like uh so I mean okay so okay so so You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have like uh so okay um so like so well um to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's well okay well like I mean I mean so um um like good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves um you know you know um I mean well you know I mean like like and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits uh I mean so well okay well well I mean okay okay are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to uh okay well okay I mean you know well uh I mean so another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening like uh uh well well I mean um well well so your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit okay I mean I mean I mean like okay um you know like well. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you I mean um um you know so so you know uh you know well. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and um well like you know I mean um well like okay like you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why is you know well you know I mean well like okay well okay I mean the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host uh um so so like so um well so I mean Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If okay okay so okay so uh so well you know um you want to go look it up there and see the video version of these uh well you know you know I mean well like you know you know so you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple um so um well you know I mean so uh um you know podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would um okay like so okay I mean um um um like be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're I mean you know you know uh like I mean you know I mean uh um watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying uh um um uh um so well like uh so facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime um well well well um like like so uh you know has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a so uh you know so I mean I mean you know uh like uh few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May like okay I mean you know like you know so um I mean okay comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are so okay so like you know okay well okay like like far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous you know well well okay I mean well well well you know so friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to well uh okay so you know I mean like uh well well the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm I mean like you know I mean I mean um um uh well so Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that like you know so like well like I mean I mean uh well we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked okay like you know um uh well okay like like um about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're uh I mean you know like well um so uh so so talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you well you know I mean I mean like so uh like well um have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your um I mean like I mean so like so okay okay I mean host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in you know so um uh uh like um so well like in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when um um um like well so well um I mean so and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me uh like like you know uh like so I mean I mean um at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 years okay so um uh um well um you know uh I mean now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from there uh I mean you know um you know you know okay well um like. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New so so okay well okay so okay like you know I mean York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is really like I mean like I mean like um okay so you know okay where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people for longer periods like uh um okay um so um I mean like um of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to I mean well like well uh so you know like uh um see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you're working so like um I mean like I mean um I mean um so in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the okay I mean well well like okay okay like you know you know doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've been here for a so like you know like you know well so you know well I mean while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This like you know you know uh um you know you know well you know um is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host so um you know uh uh um I mean um well uh a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you so you know okay uh um you know well okay well I mean guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a question well you know um uh um okay so uh you know I mean. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of them um I mean like um like you know well so uh so couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so well um like like uh uh okay okay well um you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one just well you know I mean like uh like uh okay okay I mean four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading okay uh you know I mean um uh I mean um uh uh and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm so I mean like well um so um okay um you know Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help like um um uh you know uh like so okay um women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time uh well like like like you know I mean well so I mean for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you okay okay okay um um okay you know well you know so visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of okay okay um okay you know okay so I mean um um well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to um so I mean I mean so so I mean well um okay delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and well okay um well okay I mean like okay well I mean leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from okay so okay well you know okay you know uh well well our members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me so you know like I mean well you know uh um um uh understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana um so uh you know you know like okay like uh well. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as so I mean you know okay well okay okay you know um um best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have uh you know you know okay you know uh um um okay uh our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement you know so so well well well well um um well. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches um so so um so okay like uh I mean like basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of uh like so uh um so uh well like like tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third um well you know well um uh like uh well I mean episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about I mean like okay like you know I mean you know well okay um the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this you know so you know like you know so like well okay um particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream you know so um like so you know I mean um so okay where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode so uh you know I mean well um well so I mean like in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you so you know uh okay well uh I mean so um well know, my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who you know um you know I mean um okay well I mean like um love them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges uh okay uh uh well like well like um um the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment okay so okay uh um so well okay okay okay. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came okay like so so well you know um I mean well I mean from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the uh like um uh like um well uh so I mean hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I I mean um um um you know I mean uh okay you know um was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable um I mean I mean so uh you know like I mean so uh differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not I mean you know okay well I mean uh um I mean you know well just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series you know so so um I mean um okay so uh like. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the uh like um I mean well you know okay so you know you know information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting uh okay I mean okay you know um well uh like well your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth um um you know uh so I mean um uh I mean so. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating well I mean well I mean like like so you know um uh an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover uh you know uh okay well so well uh um um my channel every day and every week and so the information can be very well so well okay I mean I mean uh um uh so overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee I mean so like well you know okay um well I mean well of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just you know so okay okay okay well um you know okay well filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from um uh so so well uh okay okay you know um taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this well I mean so um you know um okay okay so you know podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have uh uh you know so you know like you know like well well all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with so uh like uh I mean I mean okay like so like our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I you know I mean okay well well okay so so um like are just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles uh you know I mean so uh so okay um well uh. So we're just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do I mean I mean like so like uh you know well um okay in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you like uh so um I mean so like well you know um what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined like like like I mean okay um uh uh well well with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So I mean you know okay um you know I mean um I mean you know you know without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff okay okay you know um uh well um okay so you know from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a I mean you know like I mean I mean you know okay well I mean you know brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you uh so okay you know um uh like uh so you know over until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters um so like okay um okay um you know so so and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein you know okay you know you know uh well like okay like you know advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a uh uh I mean um you know like okay well uh like complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same okay well okay so so uh uh okay well I mean question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom I mean well you know um uh so like um like well trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's so okay um okay um like like uh um you know dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on so okay uh like um okay well you know like okay Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury um I mean well I mean well like um so you know like research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on I mean so um I mean so okay um you know okay so a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape okay so I mean you know you know uh uh um so you know from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to you know I mean uh um uh so uh um um um hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China well okay so you know okay well um so um uh into different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it um so like uh uh well I mean so like you know now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk like you know I mean um so so well uh you know okay sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in um um well so you know like uh um okay so and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there like uh well uh um I mean like uh um well. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to uh um like like um okay well um so so my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball you know like uh okay I mean um uh so uh okay good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a lot um uh well um so I mean well uh you know like about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 you know well okay I mean well well like so well okay so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank like well like well uh well like you know like um you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show um okay I mean I mean well okay okay okay like like number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm um I mean um you know well you know so uh okay okay just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your I mean so I mean uh like I mean uh you know um like host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir I mean I mean okay okay you know so um okay I mean you know. Let's be real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny well well so like you know you know I mean like well like. It's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some um okay I mean um so you know well well I mean you know stuff. See what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today so you know like um like you know you know like I mean um. Today's gas is going to take you back to school. So take out a uh like okay I mean like okay you know like I mean you know pen and paper take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with like I mean uh uh you know uh uh I mean um okay door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to so I mean you know you know like um okay like I mean um compete with her. Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed uh um so like you know okay uh okay like okay on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing um um like I mean I mean I mean so okay um I mean woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make because um you know like um so um I mean uh well uh of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome okay like um um um um I mean so like well everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective so you know uh like you know well I mean um so um podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating okay okay I mean like I mean okay so I mean like I mean our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives well you know like well I mean well like like like um. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only like so well uh well um I mean uh um like and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed by well okay so so um well um like well like podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions you know um like you know so like okay uh so uh of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast you know I mean um so uh so you know um um I mean or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential you know I mean okay you know uh so I mean okay well okay. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative um okay so well I mean you know you know so I mean so Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they okay okay so um so I mean you know uh uh like are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we you know so uh okay I mean um so you know uh um dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and I mean uh okay well okay um like um so well chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse like I mean so you know you know I mean okay uh like like podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of Haven and um um um I mean uh like okay you know uh like chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture like like you know you know I mean okay well you know um well the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare I mean I mean well well okay like so okay like um Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is a senior well I mean okay uh you know you know I mean okay uh I mean operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people and you know I mean uh well like like well I mean you know um design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive okay okay uh uh like uh like I mean you know well career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your career path uh you know uh like well like okay like you know so today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast you know uh um um um like you know you know uh you know is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space uh so like well so so uh like so okay to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me in um I mean you know uh I mean well like you know like you know rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to like okay I mean well uh I mean you know okay I mean okay love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all um like okay so well like so um well okay about all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and you know um um I mean so so well well well so the love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and I mean I mean um uh okay you know um like you know uh all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from so like you know uh uh um um okay well so dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also um so you know okay you know I mean um you know like you know be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical so uh uh so you know I mean you know well so I mean state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is like like you know well okay okay well uh uh um the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning uh um well uh well so like I mean uh I mean equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech so well okay so well so you know I mean I mean um was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or okay like like well you know well uh okay I mean so Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not well so you know I mean well well like I mean you know okay to be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and okay you know you know I mean uh like uh so uh okay importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of like um well like you know um so I mean um well Paramount significance. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to uh you know um uh well well well you know okay so the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official well um I mean so uh you know well well I mean you know episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members like you know you know you know uh well well so you know you know on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's um okay um I mean like you know um uh um well going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I like uh um I mean um you know well um well you know got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention so you know well so so like you know okay like I mean yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a okay I mean I mean so okay like like well you know I mean Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early like like so um um well well so like um stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the um you know um so um um like uh okay so heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to get well okay you know uh uh like so uh like well a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is one well so you know okay so uh I mean uh you know well of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up on okay so well so um well you know so you know okay Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk like uh okay well you know like like so uh um. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a uh so like like you know uh I mean like uh you know podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here like I mean so I mean uh like so well so um maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, okay okay okay I mean I mean uh like like um okay you know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule like so well so I mean um so so so well and I made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of I mean so uh I mean so you know well uh like well Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was well you know um I mean okay you know so like I mean so was mixed and one individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's I mean you know I mean you know uh well so well okay well called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, you know um well uh I mean well like I mean like like he shot me a DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree well you know okay like you know um you know well okay like. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do so I mean I mean well okay um so you know um uh both like and he just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out so um so you know like I mean you know I mean well like to me and show me a DM and I do what I typically do uh okay um you know um well I mean um I mean uh when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you know well um like like you know like well like so okay next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and like like I mean you know like well well you know uh um the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today like well so um um um well okay so so. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father uh well you know so you know okay okay like so uh and we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your so like like um um okay I mean I mean uh well own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop you know um well you know like well so like so so Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your um I mean I mean so so okay like you know so so podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most well like I mean I mean you know uh well like well well major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast um uh well so uh so like like so uh. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app uh well you know like so uh I mean well uh um or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a so um so well uh you know um um so um couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you you know you know you know you know um like like I mean I mean I mean know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that uh well um um okay I mean uh you know you know okay that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, uh so like like uh uh okay you know like so you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, okay like you know so well okay you know okay well you know when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason uh um okay so uh uh so you know you know I mean obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms like I mean well I mean uh I mean okay like um okay beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and so um uh um um okay I mean okay uh okay prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life um um I mean like um you know like well I mean okay and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your you know okay well uh I mean uh you know so like okay entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link well um uh well you know uh um you know um well in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas um you know like well okay uh so well like uh this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat okay well um like well I mean well like well well will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your uh um okay like you know so well um um like own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring okay well so okay okay uh okay um well okay speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make okay okay okay you know I mean so like uh so like podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there uh uh okay okay okay so well like you know so is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast so like you know uh you know I mean uh I mean you know okay right from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for okay okay like okay I mean um okay okay uh uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others you know well so uh uh like okay you know uh um. Fourth you can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you know you know like okay you know okay you know so well like you need in one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get I mean um well um okay well so uh well like their money for any small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility you know I mean well like like like well um so okay is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the funds many VCS I mean so uh uh like so okay I mean uh I mean invest in small companies and if you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you you know well I mean like so well okay I mean well okay know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show so so okay I mean uh I mean so okay so okay me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this you know okay okay I mean you know I mean you know I mean uh so podcast and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if you know uh um like okay okay I mean you know okay you know the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my uh well okay well okay so well um so like headphones and that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have uh uh I mean well okay um uh so I mean well packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in uh I mean okay okay like um so okay so so the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, well okay you know like I mean um okay so well uh it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do well okay um uh like okay I mean like okay you know this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to I mean you know I mean like well well okay you know well uh talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a you know um um well like you know you know um um so perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the uh you know okay so um so uh you know I mean okay British Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, um like okay well I mean like like well I mean like please visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language uh okay uh so you know like so you know okay so assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to um well uh you know so like well so like uh our program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British well so like so uh um so I mean you know like Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are um uh um you know I mean like well so uh well all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently like you know so okay uh like um well uh so working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where so you know um um um like uh so so well your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I mean um okay okay so so like well well okay I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on uh well well well I mean like I mean well well like patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is uh um well I mean well um so well you know okay now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to I mean so so okay so I mean I mean um um like make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that like okay um I mean like okay so uh um okay allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor so well so uh like like you know um um uh will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple um like um okay well okay um uh well okay podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing um uh uh well well okay well like like I mean your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need you know well well like um so uh okay you know I mean to make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the well well so so uh you know okay um so well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for the okay you know okay you know um um okay well like like on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March you know like you know um I mean well like uh I mean like for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked uh uh like I mean like okay you know so well um up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at well well okay I mean you know well so you know um I mean night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't okay um uh you know I mean okay okay uh you know okay have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of um you know so so uh well you know um so I mean ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to um you know uh well okay okay so like like I mean light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I'm well well um okay you know so I mean uh uh like answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 Capital I mean okay uh okay you know like uh um okay like maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what it is um well okay I mean I mean I mean um so I mean I mean is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you you know uh I mean you know like I mean you know well so so buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for okay so like I mean um like well I mean so um Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring so so so I mean well I mean well so okay so the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily so so well I mean like um uh well well okay budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if um I mean okay uh you know so I mean well um like every couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this well I mean well okay you know okay so well I mean um is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it um well um you know like well I mean like you know you know is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not on so well uh like like like okay I mean like like account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been working well okay so like um um well well I mean um really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I we are uh so well okay uh uh uh okay uh you know in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat us you know uh um um I mean so you know um I mean so in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her birthday and um you know like uh you know uh like okay so well so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of uh like um well um well I mean well well okay Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like my like um so I mean like okay so well um okay big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug a like well like um um so well like okay um little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to like I mean like like I mean like you know um so you know celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited um uh like um well uh okay well um well to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years like you know okay you know you know like so um well um. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit to so so like um you know like uh so well so do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge so I mean okay okay uh um uh so like well is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the okay um well you know um uh uh you know okay like information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your um well so okay okay okay I mean you know uh well eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm uh okay um I mean so I mean like you know um you know coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some um okay uh okay I mean I mean I mean I mean okay I mean of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some okay okay okay okay um well well uh um you know of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you well like like so um okay like well like well don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I I mean so like um you know so well you know okay uh have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode you know uh you know you know I mean um like okay um like number 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And you know um okay um like well you know so um I mean then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck uh like like well so you know okay well you know I mean. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you well um you know so uh so like uh like well are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was I mean uh like okay well uh uh so um like out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's I mean I mean I mean uh well like like um so uh actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today okay I mean okay I mean so um uh uh okay you know. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best so I mean I mean well you know okay um uh okay so right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold I mean um like you know okay um I mean like you know okay days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable and well so uh I mean well I mean I mean okay well uh you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of so like you know I mean uh you know well you know okay uh course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own horror okay so well like I mean you know I mean um I mean um podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world I mean you know like you know uh okay you know okay you know uh. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest so like so okay well well well you know like so way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative like like well um like well well I mean you know well tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay you know okay like so well well you know okay well computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets so you know well uh uh okay um well so okay on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to like so so I mean um um like like um um make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free so um like okay like um uh uh okay uh anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for the uh I mean well uh well I mean okay like so uh next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up because um so you know like so okay well um okay so we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the inaugural okay uh you know I mean so like uh you know I mean you know episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going to talk so you know um you know I mean so well you know well uh about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling uh well so um I mean you know so um well well in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we talk like so well well uh okay well okay like um about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to end okay like um okay um okay you know I mean okay okay talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to no I mean um okay well uh so okay like um you know preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on an episode um uh I mean I mean I mean you know so um like um of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam uh um like okay so you know okay you know well you know. How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well um I mean uh I mean uh um uh well so so so far. Yeah, it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But um uh like okay so you know uh um like uh actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save um I mean well uh um uh um like you know I mean it to come out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, you know so okay well I mean I mean um like like so if you were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in okay so like okay I mean so like I mean like you know Hawaii while I still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to well I mean like you know uh so uh like like I mean Japan. So this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably like I mean okay I mean uh well well uh okay you know be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees uh I mean well I mean uh okay um well well um and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials okay I mean like like you know um okay um okay I mean biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know uh uh I mean I mean I mean I mean uh uh like I mean about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your um well I mean like um okay you know okay well okay hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear um um okay you know so you know okay I mean you know um the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving this so I mean um so I mean like like like okay well podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of Forestry like uh like you know uh uh okay you know okay um agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in I mean like well well so well I mean okay you know okay one place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from so well um um okay you know I mean so okay like heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be well uh um you know like I mean I mean well uh you know tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of you know so okay I mean you know like like like um uh them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as you know so I mean like I mean like so I mean like like the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from I mean well you know you know okay you know uh um well I mean every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when okay like so you know okay um like okay I mean you know I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always thought you know so I mean well I mean well um um you know like that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha um you know so you know I mean uh well so you know um. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in like well uh you know so okay like okay you know so Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, you know I mean okay okay I mean well um well well well no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount you know you know you know so well so okay uh uh um of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and you know I mean you know so um okay like I mean I mean like guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They like like so okay you know I mean you know okay I mean I mean are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't like so you know you know okay like um okay um you know appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is like you know uh uh I mean well um so uh um based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House you know well okay well you know like okay like um like and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you I mean like I mean you know uh I mean like you know you know you know grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with like well well well you know I mean like uh so like him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be uh like um um uh like well um okay okay reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you like well like like um like I mean um okay I mean sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of okay well I mean I mean okay well well you know so like Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on you know uh so okay okay uh uh like so I mean their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough you know I mean you know uh um like um I mean okay so to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly so well I mean okay okay okay you know okay so okay how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement well well you know like well I mean like uh well uh on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and okay you know um like um I mean uh you know um I mean I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with I mean so like you know okay uh you know okay so you know no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over okay you know uh so so so like like uh okay a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you know you know I mean I mean you know okay well I mean okay well you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can like um so well um um so um okay like use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas um well well so uh you know like so I mean um come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency okay so uh so I mean uh so well um you know accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing well well okay you know I mean I mean uh uh okay uh technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black like uh okay you know I mean you know like I mean like uh box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations well uh you know uh okay well like like you know so can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and uh um um like I mean so okay you know um well more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part um you know well okay um um like I mean okay I mean of our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily well like like I mean well like um like um so with incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us you know uh um uh you know you know um like like um can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a so okay like okay so uh I mean like uh um podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You okay you know um I mean so well um um um well are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad to I mean so you know okay so well like I mean uh well finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from What's the I mean well so okay so uh well uh um uh what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the white like you know um uh like I mean um okay I mean um whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So well, you know um you know I mean you know well so um uh so thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should we reschedule um uh like like you know um uh like you know well and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more well okay I mean I mean well uh um like um okay voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the well uh you know you know like you know so um I mean like Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes like uh okay uh okay like like well well uh. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is well like like I mean so I mean like uh um well to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform well I mean uh okay okay okay uh um I mean so. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a well like uh okay so so okay like okay well podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and okay um okay uh you know um so okay you know I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so so okay um I mean I mean you know okay well so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make uh well like so like so um um like okay some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to so so okay um I mean you know okay uh uh okay make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free well well well um okay so well I mean so okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take okay um well you know uh you know you know uh you know okay a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm like you know um uh uh like um like like um having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out um um so uh like uh um like um so there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those uh I mean you know uh you know um you know you know um you know who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on uh like uh like uh well uh uh you know um how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today okay I mean I mean so okay okay so um uh like is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying you know okay you know so you know uh uh uh so um some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a well um you know well um you know I mean okay um okay diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest uh okay um you know like well okay I mean uh okay prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the easiest okay like uh I mean well uh um okay uh like way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free. It's free so so you know well so uh well so uh uh. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow you okay uh so so well well so uh um well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute um uh so okay um well so okay um like your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so um uh well like um uh well like well many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor uh uh okay okay you know so like I mean you know okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You um you know well I mean uh so uh okay well you know need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can well okay okay you know well um uh um I mean like I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast um you know okay you know um like um well well well with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- so uh um okay uh uh so so like well to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The um you know so um okay um okay well you know you know True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda well I mean well I mean so so like so I mean um. Thanks for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this uh uh uh you know okay okay like well well like wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I mean well so well like um you know I mean like you know I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, there's I mean like well you know you know you know you know um uh you know many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the kids um so um well I mean so um like you know um do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in um um you know like okay uh okay so so okay this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on uh well um so okay I mean okay you know okay uh a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance I mean uh I mean uh uh like okay uh like I mean on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it like I mean I mean so like uh well uh I mean I mean. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to like I mean like okay uh I mean so okay I mean well but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the well um well um you know okay like okay um well couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it I mean well like um okay uh you know I mean okay well. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I like um so well okay so like uh okay I mean was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody I mean um uh well um uh um so I mean okay for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody out uh you know you know okay you know you know you know like so you know there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people like okay I mean uh well uh I mean I mean um like knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we have a few okay like like well um like um you know I mean um subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, first we okay you know um well you know you know uh so so I mean go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with a pandemic on well well I mean I mean like so well I mean okay you know the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host okay um you know like like uh uh like I mean so development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform um you know um like I mean okay I mean okay I mean um dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever you know okay well like so well uh uh you know you know episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a uh so like like um so I mean okay you know okay corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton see okay okay so like like well I mean okay well you know company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and you know well I mean um well I mean I mean um um so through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any uh um so so like um uh well I mean like legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation like well so well uh so you know so okay I mean was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your okay okay okay uh like so I mean I mean okay like hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about so so like I mean so I mean uh um um um The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso uh okay so like okay I mean uh well uh um and let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California so you know um well you know you know um uh okay uh at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980 so well uh I mean so uh uh you know um you know. Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis okay uh so okay like okay okay like um I mean is not in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for um uh like so um uh you know well I mean so you that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that uh so so you know you know I mean okay so you know so you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down um like I mean so well um I mean I mean uh um to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad so um I mean okay okay okay um um okay well joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I I mean okay uh so uh uh so uh like uh responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His well you know I mean well okay like like well I mean um baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And well okay so okay I mean uh so um so um what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything you know you know okay so you know so you know okay uh you know is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you so so like okay well okay like well well well guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite um well well um like well uh like I mean like artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify well okay you know um well you know uh uh you know so has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening like so I mean um um like I mean well okay so to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can okay you know um uh uh um okay okay well so share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a uh like okay well so okay uh you know like like premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are so well you know uh uh uh you know I mean I mean um. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search um like like so uh so you know like okay so for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a like uh so you know like you know okay well uh so follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've you know like like you know uh well so you know uh so got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame um well you know um okay so so okay okay like good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of um okay so you know okay well you know uh you know um them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the I mean you know you know you know you know so you know I mean uh um Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would well I mean I mean well uh like um well like you know be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast you know so uh um I mean um uh okay you know you know I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each like well uh so um so okay uh so so week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the uh okay you know well uh well okay you know like so questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety so I mean well so well okay well okay you know I mean and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the so you know I mean like okay so uh like so well hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the okay I mean you know so um uh uh so I mean you know University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and well um you know I mean you know you know you know okay like so journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact you know uh um you know so I mean you know um so well of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I okay I mean well well like like well okay um well understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily well you know like uh uh well so uh okay you know been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a uh so you know uh well I mean you know so um so certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and like okay um well okay well um so like okay Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with uh I mean um so um you know well you know you know uh you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships you know like so uh I mean I mean I mean okay well you know and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what like like you know well okay so well you know like okay we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us well so I mean um okay well you know um okay well off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on I mean I mean like like um you know like um okay well to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk um I mean I mean uh so like you know well um so about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know I mean like like like so uh okay you know um I mean you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so um you know you know okay uh so I mean so okay um there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two I mean okay well I mean you know so okay uh you know you know days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful okay okay well okay I mean um you know so like so and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and okay I mean you know so like well okay uh like so they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was I mean like um so I mean like okay I mean okay okay very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really you know um I mean well well I mean okay so like okay good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus I mean I mean okay okay um um I mean okay so like of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also uh you know okay okay uh um okay you know okay um served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical okay I mean um um um well um well so okay Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become like I mean well well uh like um uh well I mean an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists you know uh like uh so you know you know well well like at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals like well okay okay uh uh um so um okay of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that okay uh well um okay so like well I mean um I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm like I mean well well okay like you know well okay like good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, uh so uh well so you know well I mean uh um you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because okay well um I mean like okay um so I mean well I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask okay so so well like you know uh I mean okay well me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with so well like well so you know you know I mean um so the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his so um well you know so okay I mean well um uh dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of um so okay well I mean you know uh like well uh that once that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old so so okay um okay so okay well you know um you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it like like so well okay I mean okay I mean like you know on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's well so you know well I mean you know you know well like uh really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you so so I mean okay you know you know um like uh like were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I so well uh uh well well well you know um like know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll I mean well uh okay I mean okay so um I mean so guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster okay well like okay well um okay you know okay uh. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just okay well you know so so uh okay okay I mean uh the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about um okay okay uh like like well uh you know like whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, well well well well so like I mean like like so I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee well I mean um um uh you know uh so well so that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey you know okay I mean so okay I mean like um you know uh. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good you know you know I mean you know I mean I mean well I mean so um. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly well okay you know I mean like uh okay okay I mean um like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if so well I mean so like like like like I mean uh it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, well okay I mean okay um um you know well okay I mean I don't know I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call um so like I mean so you know well okay so so it just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted like like uh like I mean so you know well well uh us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed I mean I mean okay I mean well like well you know um uh with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all so so so um like um like um I mean I mean the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're I mean like like well um uh okay so so I mean dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is well well uh so okay you know um you know well um the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where so um uh like like like um well um um they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their like so like um so uh um I mean well like lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we well you know uh you know uh like like so um so can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks okay well so so okay okay I mean I mean okay you know podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was like I mean um like um uh okay uh so well there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory well I mean you know you know okay okay like well I mean so over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it okay I mean um like you know like well like like so was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about okay you know um well uh uh like like so so that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game well so uh like so well well well uh I mean started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons uh uh um I mean you know well well like um I mean spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that you know uh uh well so um okay you know so uh. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's not I mean okay uh so um you know I mean you know like you know what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to you uh so so like um well um you know uh well how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm um uh like um you know so I mean I mean I mean uh sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is something that okay I mean you know um okay well I mean I mean uh like we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy uh I mean uh so you know I mean okay um uh uh spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it well you know like you know I mean uh okay like um so was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the so well okay um like so so well so like culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire well I mean you know uh well um well okay I mean okay session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened well I mean you know okay so um I mean I mean uh okay and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we um well um um well okay well so uh uh put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these okay well well okay like so uh well so um little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is um okay um so um uh you know like um okay recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope so so okay I mean uh like you know well you know um that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to I mean uh so well okay okay you know um I mean um feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in like um like okay okay well like uh like well a world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on like well uh you know well okay I mean well okay uh your chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you um okay like well um you know you know like you know like just lack the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine well like uh I mean so you know I mean so well you know bright enough to be hired. I am one of the few people in this okay so uh okay uh like uh well uh um world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present well okay okay okay so okay you know okay well like myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in like okay uh I mean I mean you know uh like so well 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my like like okay you know okay so so okay okay uh life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join our uh you know I mean um like you know so so well I mean Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings um like I mean like uh uh you know you know okay you know into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our well well uh well uh uh I mean okay like like act together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time uh um like I mean um well I mean like uh like off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that you know you know uh uh uh okay um well um um we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against towards I mean you know well uh well well um uh um um the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be well uh um I mean well I mean you know uh okay well done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc like uh okay okay um um I mean so uh well it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning okay I mean okay well like you know like um um uh. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a i you I mean you know I mean um so you know well so well um guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to okay um um um well well I mean so I mean I mean go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do well like I mean like like uh so uh I mean um like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in you know you know so okay I mean um like well uh well this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about the uh uh like you know so you know I mean you know so well indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We I mean um so you know I mean well uh okay okay I mean have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want to um so um you know you know like uh um so like say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English articles so you know like okay okay uh like well like like are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think three different I mean I mean uh well you know okay you know uh um okay kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's like uh like well um so uh okay so okay literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor like uh okay you know okay well okay you know um well and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people okay uh you know I mean uh like uh well I mean so I anchor so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you uh okay okay um okay you know well you know uh um can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, well um I mean you know like I mean like uh uh um but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie uh you know like you know um um okay uh so so. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be you know like uh um uh well uh so so you know short and on top of that you can even make money off of this app well I mean so well um okay you know okay um like. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make uh uh you know well you know you know okay I mean I mean I mean money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast well I mean well uh um okay I mean you know I mean well with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to like uh like well okay I mean you know you know uh okay Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome uh well like um I mean I mean well I mean so uh to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 I mean you know so I mean um you know like like well like Hamptons Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a well I mean okay um well I mean I mean well well okay lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to like you know um you know I mean uh you know well so um talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the um like well you know I mean like like um uh like relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to like um like uh you know well like um well uh the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who um like um well so you know I mean well you know you know and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week I mean so okay um I mean like so okay you know so and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are um well um well I mean okay uh you know you know well going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and like I mean well you know you know well uh well like well what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my you know so you know so well like uh um you know well co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where uh like well well like so um um uh so the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be um okay you know well like well you know so uh uh going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position like you know um um uh okay I mean well well uh generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to well uh I mean so uh I mean like so I mean well offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The uh um you know okay so I mean so okay okay well draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go um you know like I mean well uh you know uh uh like about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy so uh um uh like okay uh you know so so this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this okay so I mean like so so like okay like I mean episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We well um um like um I mean I mean um well I mean advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something I mean you know um like well you know well uh uh well wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October 27th okay so uh like I mean you know well you know um well some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering so um you know um um well well well like well their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close like so uh I mean I mean I mean um so so so the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen uh you know like uh like so you know so uh um my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize um okay I mean like uh so well I mean um like you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness listener so uh okay I mean well well okay I mean okay well discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been uh okay um uh uh um you know like um you know asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, but you know you know you know so um so well well um uh it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled well like well like so well okay I mean so well the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would leave like well you know um uh um you know like well um him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still so so so so I mean um so um well okay and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened so you know I mean um you know uh uh you know like uh the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our like okay you know so I mean okay well like um so yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again so so um like so uh I mean I mean so um when milk has come out of the cow. They died a white because um well uh okay okay okay you know like well like there's pus and blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk well okay um uh you know okay um so uh so. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk okay you know you know okay okay I mean so um um like was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells you know uh like okay you know um well so um well good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut well like like okay okay like um you know uh like coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know you know um I mean like um I mean like uh you know so why people eat it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she so so um well like I mean I mean okay well um would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think um okay well uh well well um you know okay like I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've um okay uh I mean um so uh okay like okay been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to um like um like well um well well I mean um get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- okay uh I mean like well like um so uh well to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the you know okay well uh well uh uh uh well like free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on well you know well um like uh so well um um your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about you know okay okay I mean uh you know you know um you know you know whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by well you know like uh so so so okay uh uh whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, so I mean uh I mean so okay like like I mean uh go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you know um so like like well well well so so you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the you know you know so I mean uh you know well um okay okay role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's loss you know okay you know you know you know so um so uh so at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and 11 you know okay okay uh you know so um so um like ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone senior technically um uh you know um I mean like okay like like I mean could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game for Dante so so I mean I mean so you know uh like you know so pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think in In so like so uh um you know well okay well well the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener questions so so um you know uh okay uh I mean well you know. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this is the like like you know well well um well like you know so fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from this okay you know like um I mean okay uh like um um week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by well like okay um well okay okay okay okay um anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based you know um uh you know well okay uh you know I mean well on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and I mean so so like um uh I mean uh I mean so youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in so so okay I mean well well I mean you know so you know your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion I mean like like well like uh so well you know you know matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm chapter uh like okay like like um um like uh I mean 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in like you know okay you know so um okay you know you know like trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for so so like I mean uh um you know well like so my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the okay uh you know you know um well uh well like um stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv so so like so okay well well so well so troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you okay um uh uh okay okay okay uh well I mean never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get well you know you know I mean uh you know you know okay well well ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting like you know uh um so okay okay I mean you know well young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes uh well um like like well okay okay I mean well social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack um well you know okay I mean okay like I mean you know well the racist tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of I mean well I mean uh uh you know okay well okay uh the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo well like uh you know so okay so so I mean okay journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? so you know uh like I mean uh um um so like Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm doing you know I mean well uh um um well okay um well great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking so like uh I mean so I mean so like you know so the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been you know I mean well like um okay uh so uh so up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife um uh I mean well okay uh um so so okay decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position like um like you know uh well so uh um uh that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a uh you know like um well well uh like uh uh little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode you know uh so well um uh you know I mean so like. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to so uh um well I mean you know uh uh you know you know come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of uh so um like you know um you know like you know so the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting um um okay you know well um um I mean well so and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem well well you know um I mean um okay you know okay um to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm one okay you know um well I mean well like like you know like of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This like uh uh like okay you know uh well well I mean is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady Turner I mean okay uh like um uh well um you know well. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I get um well I mean uh so okay uh you know like okay my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew as so like uh like okay so so I mean you know um soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards I mean you know okay you know well I mean like like okay like kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan okay like so uh so I mean I mean so so like Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our you know you know I mean well I mean well you know well so um first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch well so okay well I mean um okay so like you know of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're I mean I mean uh I mean you know I mean okay so okay you know doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask I mean so um so um well like well okay I mean our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's so um so um um well uh uh um okay a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where like uh well well so I mean well um I mean well we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories okay uh I mean okay you know uh like I mean you know you know from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for um I mean well like okay like you know like so okay joining into the art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon like okay well you know um you know okay like uh so Mikey. How you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me well uh okay well you know you know okay I mean like I mean. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I like um so so so so you know so you know um let me give our listeners are little bit of context or of what I'm doing uh well um uh you know you know well okay uh I mean. So I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went well uh so like well um you know so like uh to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a okay well you know okay well I mean um like uh I mean few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm um so uh okay like uh okay okay uh okay Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we uh so uh so like well um okay so so want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They like like okay you know um like okay okay you know uh made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for like I mean well uh you know you know so you know uh I mean you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head over you know uh well you know so um uh so so okay to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the so like like I mean I mean okay okay uh well you know urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at I mean I mean so okay so so I mean I mean you know um checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then okay I mean you know like um um well uh uh you know also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products so uh so so like like um uh uh um for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product um okay you know okay okay well I mean well um you know for you. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16 okay so so like um I mean uh um uh uh. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show well okay like uh I mean well well so I mean okay operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately um uh well well um okay okay well well uh can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel um you know uh um well you know I mean um well like of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect well I mean okay okay um well okay um uh so their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of so I mean um you know well you know you know like so uh pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed uh you know I mean so you know I mean uh uh uh so by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before I mean okay uh so like well uh uh okay so we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit I mean uh you know okay um um so okay okay you know about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit well okay so I mean so like like I mean um well. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let uh like okay okay um okay like so so um me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so I mean I mean uh I mean I mean I mean you know well I mean podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so like I mean uh so so you know you know so you know. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more uh I mean well okay so you know so okay well uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you uh like you know you know okay uh uh you know I mean uh need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like well like I mean you know I mean um um you know okay so a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So like you I mean okay uh I mean uh I mean like um okay um ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's you know like well I mean um well well okay um okay of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking okay okay um I mean well well uh okay you know so tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, uh you know like like so okay well okay like uh yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's uh so uh like uh okay you know like so uh gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as okay um like so uh you know well so okay well a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him well so you know you know um uh okay well so well. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a so so uh um so so you know uh um so little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic like okay like you know okay uh um okay you know like feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior Communications you know well um I mean okay uh I mean well I mean you know officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And I mean uh I mean I mean I mean like uh okay okay well this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British I mean uh you know well so I mean like I mean you know um Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than okay um well um I mean like you know um uh so 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We want okay so uh you know so um you know you know well so organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect like okay so you know uh you know um like okay so and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can you know uh okay so um so so uh uh uh help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a okay like um so okay like uh okay um you know topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast I mean um I mean I mean I mean uh uh um uh you know. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go so you know I mean well you know okay like I mean well like in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I okay I mean uh I mean I mean well um so so you know was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today you know well I mean um okay you know um I mean okay so it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day like well so um okay you know uh uh you know you know and we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our so like like uh like um um so well um guest today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where I mean you know um um okay like um well well so to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on okay uh um uh so I mean you know so so I mean. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go so well I mean um you know like like so okay okay ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that you know okay well you know so I mean uh um you know so review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say okay so so like you know so um I mean um I mean it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged well um um so um uh okay I mean so okay to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist DMS so okay I mean you know you know so you know uh um you know that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans of like you know I mean I mean um uh well um um well the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor so so I mean okay so okay well like I mean I mean Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and so uh I mean you know okay um I mean uh well well eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the uh you know so well uh you know well I mean like uh producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show so uh I mean uh uh okay you know you know okay well taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners um like you know like uh I mean I mean well so uh are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show like okay okay well okay um well like like okay is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an okay I mean uh well like okay um well so you know engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple you know I mean like you know so like okay um uh um villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like you know well um well uh so like I mean so um to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to um um like um like I mean like uh so uh Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I mean so so I mean you know so you know like well okay did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had so like like um okay uh okay so I mean like only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do well I mean well uh like you know I mean okay um so is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post you know I mean like I mean well um okay I mean I mean you know and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it well like uh well so well um well like so in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do I mean um like I mean you know um um well like so not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also uh like well like okay um I mean uh like um need to make use of it. If you have a message if you like like I mean so like I mean okay so well I mean have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the okay okay so like you know well I mean um uh um world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, uh well you know so uh uh so uh like uh welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines well you know you know uh you know like so well I mean okay week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from well um you know I mean uh so um well so like history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered um well like you know you know okay so like well well for their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first well uh um well I mean okay I mean uh you know I mean heroic woman lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name like like so okay I mean uh well I mean I mean so was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is um uh okay like you know like um uh like so another way of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She like you know I mean uh uh uh you know like you know um ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her um well uh you know well well uh okay okay uh own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting well I mean you know I mean okay um I mean uh okay you know in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty um okay you know um so okay so so uh like Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders okay well I mean so um like um well um well every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's well like um I mean I mean okay I mean like okay uh most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen um I mean well you know um okay uh so um uh to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this you know like you know uh well uh I mean uh uh okay episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy so like uh like uh I mean well I mean I mean you know Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that you know I mean um well um um I mean uh okay okay was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good I mean you know like like uh okay okay so like I mean history of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and like you know okay I mean I mean um well uh okay well what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today well okay so so okay um okay like um you know. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke like I mean I mean like you know like um like um I mean behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does um well um um uh uh so you know okay I mean what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the so like so well you know well I mean you know okay well chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your life well I mean well like um so well so well you know. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I you know you know okay uh like uh like you know so you know normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been you know I mean uh so you know like you know you know you know okay traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it uh uh like so like um so like like okay is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen you know so uh so I mean I mean you know um so I mean to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all day I mean you know um okay so you know you know so I mean uh. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening well well so well you know like like um so like in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have um like I mean I mean so so so like um well Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing so uh well uh um okay I mean well you know well through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special like like I mean you know okay I mean you know well like like on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into I mean I mean okay so um you know um uh you know so the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans you know like well like like so okay I mean I mean like and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of I mean I mean like well um well uh uh okay well Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about I mean you know I mean like like I mean I mean okay um okay my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge um like okay so um uh well uh like you know fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day uh so well so like like uh I mean I mean well long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic like I mean like so uh well um um you know so including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all um well well you know well okay like um well well of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can I mean like so uh um uh you know like so well follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes okay like I mean well well so like um like I mean to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your so I mean like so like like like like so so friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for like uh uh you know you know so I mean like you know you know the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, you know I mean I mean okay you know okay um like okay uh make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans well I mean you know um okay um I mean you know like um Steve firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday you know like well um okay well I mean like so I mean night the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to like you know like I mean like um I mean well so well be fair. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of I mean um like so okay uh uh um I mean like knew it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken so um uh so well um okay okay well I mean down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were like you know okay I mean uh so okay you know so well very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan so okay you know okay okay um like um well like to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital like like you know okay uh like you know like um so K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that like like like so I mean um okay I mean well uh were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me like so um okay um you know well like uh uh how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And um uh um like okay um um like you know okay you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we um okay okay okay okay like I mean okay uh um would have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and okay so like I mean okay so I mean like I mean well it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by um okay like like um so I mean like well so far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In you know um uh okay okay well well well well I mean one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment you know like well like you know um you know you know uh okay or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your uh I mean well I mean well um you know okay uh uh phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation I mean so uh you know okay uh uh uh uh uh tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we like uh you know you know I mean like I mean well I mean so didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest so uh I mean like so uh like I mean um okay way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record uh like um well well like you know like I mean like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your you know um um I mean um you know well you know I mean well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many well um okay I mean so um well like uh okay more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you I mean I mean like you know so so okay like uh okay need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or uh so okay um well okay so you know you know like go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson like um well well well uh like like you know well. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know I mean so well like so well I mean I mean um okay that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you so okay you know uh you know so uh well uh well doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I well okay I mean uh uh like I mean okay you know so love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you so like like okay you know so you know I mean I mean well. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and so I mean like uh well I mean uh well like well you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow along like uh well like I mean okay um um I mean you know in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have well um um uh okay okay you know uh well okay such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where um you know you know so okay um like well um so you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things uh uh well I mean like like okay you know so like. I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a so uh well I mean um um uh so uh like lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty you know okay you know you know um uh so well I mean so of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't well well um well uh um uh um uh well expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more okay um um uh well like like you know I mean I mean money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies okay like um you know I mean um okay like uh so and gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a you know like I mean okay you know okay you know you know so well really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created um so um I mean well I mean uh um um okay by our app to help companies get control of their email for this um I mean okay you know um you know I mean um uh okay episode really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names uh well you know um um okay okay you know like well in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to okay you know uh you know like uh I mean okay well like describe me. One of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably I mean like well uh you know you know I mean uh well like used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So so um okay I mean um okay okay you know you know okay I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety okay uh okay um um I mean well well well like in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the like you know um um you know like well I mean you know like way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole so well you know uh um so uh like you know okay of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to be doing I mean uh you know well I mean so well uh I mean um this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant okay well well I mean well well well um like okay from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if you so okay um you know you know so you know um like um are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished like um I mean you know so I mean I mean well so I mean something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and uh like okay well like I mean like well so so foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible I mean um so so uh uh I mean uh I mean like if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff you know I mean um okay okay I mean so I mean you know so in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out I mean so well well like I mean um like uh okay to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now I mean you know you know well I mean uh you know well okay um but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots you know like um you know so like um so like I mean happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The you know um well like like so um like well like leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to okay like I mean I mean okay well like I mean like okay allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders I mean you know uh like you know you know you know okay um um podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's okay well so well like okay I mean I mean um you know simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to okay you know okay I mean you know you know well um um well deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It well um so um you know like so I mean okay okay features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of well so uh so uh um okay I mean like um work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future uh so you know okay so I mean well like I mean well and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC you know I mean so uh I mean um well um so like Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations like so so like like like you know like okay so of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and okay well uh okay okay uh um okay uh you know is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR so well so okay like you know like okay so well future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about um well like well well um okay okay I mean uh taking control. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is well well you know you know uh well well well I mean I mean how do we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple like so well like okay okay okay okay so I mean ways that can kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about like um you know so uh um so you know um uh two of those important points right now. And that's your physiology and you know um so I mean uh you know I mean okay well so your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the branch of the biology that uh so okay I mean like you know uh you know okay okay deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its parts. But well so uh well um so um okay well well in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is how refers to your uh okay I mean uh uh so okay you know I mean um emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions are described many um so I mean uh you know uh um well uh well ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are well like okay well you know um okay okay uh I mean others of course, but those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions um uh I mean well okay okay um so uh well are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor you know um so so so you know like um you know so. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I mean well okay uh like you know um so you know so I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me uh you know I mean okay well um uh okay um okay amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest so well I mean so so um so uh so uh price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can like okay you know like like well like okay okay um have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media you know um um well okay well well so like you know stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can um so well so okay you know like you know like like create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something well so like like you know um you know um well you know very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to you know you know um you know I mean well like like uh like their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming like I mean um you know uh you know so uh okay uh your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat like like well so so so well so okay um and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and um uh um okay uh uh like uh well well usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were um so okay okay okay uh uh like um so small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I um okay like so okay um uh well I mean uh do this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having I mean uh like well like well I mean well okay so a chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind well uh well okay um well uh um well uh of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's uh I mean I mean so um you know you know like so okay awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your well uh I mean um I mean you know well I mean I mean you know own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is well um uh okay uh okay well okay uh um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that so like like I mean like okay uh well okay I mean allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll like uh you know um like I mean like so um you know distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and uh okay you know I mean well well like okay okay you know many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you like you know like like okay well um like okay so need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free you know so like okay okay like um okay I mean so acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to you know like um uh okay well you know so okay um join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On um I mean like you know like well okay well like well the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting um like I mean you know like um well um well um platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn uh okay I mean um like um well um you know you know tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors uh so well like so you know uh uh um um the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is uh I mean well like you know uh I mean okay like well basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own so um like well so well well so like so podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically so you know so like you know so um uh I mean you know once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google like you know I mean well okay um okay um uh um to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to so uh you know I mean well you know uh so I mean like Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I okay okay like uh I mean I mean uh like uh well have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't so okay okay well um okay so I mean um so listen to what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is like uh so uh so uh like um well um on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we you know like you know you know uh well uh I mean I mean so are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like okay okay like I mean uh you know well so um so note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I you know well you know well I mean um so so you know I mean want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that I mean um like you know okay uh so well so so is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall like um you know you know I mean like okay you know uh you know see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're so you know okay I mean like okay you know okay like so driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in like uh well like um you know so I mean okay okay London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, okay well um like well well well okay I mean I mean March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a uh so you know you know like um uh okay okay you know little pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after well um you know well um like okay I mean okay uh the Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a like like well I mean well um like so I mean like row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have like um uh I mean so okay like um well well to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in like like well like so you know so okay um okay. Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with well okay um so like so okay I mean so uh them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in well like I mean I mean I mean I mean uh like like uh the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference so like so um you know I mean uh you know you know I mean. They come up against the team and they play three teams on this west okay well you know you know I mean you know I mean okay so okay coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the okay uh um okay well like well you know like uh string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of like you know okay uh like you know like um uh okay today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other so you know okay like uh okay okay so like like words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women like like so uh well I mean okay you know like so okay about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so we okay like uh like so so well so uh okay can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things first that uh so like you know like okay you know you know so so we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and their Even uh uh so you know so so um like like I mean by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They um uh so well um well okay well uh so want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery like uh uh uh you know so okay like so well store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way that you know like I mean you know so um you know I mean uh so it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our um I mean you know um um okay so like uh you know name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the uh uh I mean okay well um I mean so you know I mean bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty like you know okay like uh I mean I mean so uh so self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags I mean well uh like okay I mean so I mean like well of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to um you know uh like okay um I mean you know like so make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing well uh okay I mean I mean so well so well uh this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy um well well um well well I mean um um well with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in like well so uh I mean like like like okay so it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in I mean I mean um I mean like uh uh like okay you know this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the so okay you know um well uh well so like I mean voice of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do you know like I mean um uh you know like okay well uh the show? Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app like uh like well I mean well well like so uh you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her so uh so you know well I mean so so okay like ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose so you know I mean uh like you know you know you know I mean like a subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex okay um I mean okay um um well like okay I mean show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 okay uh like uh I mean okay uh like you know well p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome um so okay so you know you know like so uh well all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the okay you know um uh well like like okay like um man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going you know well like um I mean so you know well you know like to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is you know uh you know um so well like uh like I mean really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd you know like you know you know uh so okay so you know okay chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold uh okay okay well so you know okay uh you know um to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really um so so I mean okay um um you know you know I mean based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that so like I mean like okay like well so I mean um is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to I mean um okay uh um so um I mean uh like create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is like so I mean you know like you know well okay uh you know called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis so like okay so well okay so I mean uh uh podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please okay uh okay well well um okay okay um okay remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free uh uh uh you know I mean well like okay uh well to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities like you know uh uh like so like okay um you know or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions um like um so I mean well um well okay um for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead so like like okay well so I mean like uh uh of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about well uh um I mean um uh you know well I mean um the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're you know um well I mean well like well like um well not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for so I mean uh you know I mean you know I mean so okay like work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until uh okay um I mean like okay so I mean I mean well you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to I mean okay like um well um okay uh um uh the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today like well uh um I mean well you know like uh um we'll be talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't so uh well okay um okay you know well I mean I mean know me. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this uh you know I mean well I mean um uh you know like uh for the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we well so um I mean uh um um um um you know have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing so well so okay uh so I mean well I mean you know on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the um I mean well okay like like like well I mean okay outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every day uh uh okay so um so you know well I mean so we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about an incredible like like okay okay you know um um um well okay athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're actually well well uh uh uh like like you know so okay talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was well so so I mean okay so well well I mean so a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete and like you know I mean okay so um well so okay well her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned so like you know well um uh uh uh so I mean on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary well okay uh okay you know well so so you know uh footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the I mean okay like well well okay so so uh you know Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera like well you know like so I mean so uh um okay transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios like okay uh uh you know I mean well you know you know okay one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo uh um well like okay like you know like well so 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping well you know okay um so um you know well um um. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor you know um well well like um um like well like anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of uh uh so you know uh okay so I mean I mean I mean all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match you know um I mean you know well you know um I mean uh um you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means like okay um okay uh you know uh so you know so you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm well you know okay I mean okay so okay like uh you know doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we I mean well you know well I mean like like you know uh I mean love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio so so like um so so like um you know um. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want okay so um so uh I mean um um well you know to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as okay um uh so like you know um um well I mean well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and like okay uh so uh well I mean uh so so make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM well uh I mean I mean so uh um I mean like okay / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton okay like uh you know okay you know uh uh you know um. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess um like well okay so um like okay uh you know what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking so well okay so uh so like so you know like to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started so okay so um well um you know um um uh this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right um well uh um like um okay um like you know from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do so well um okay I mean uh okay like okay okay it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging like okay I mean so uh so okay okay like okay part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it okay okay okay I mean well so I mean uh uh like right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or uh well uh like you know okay uh like uh I mean founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash so uh um okay uh I mean um um I mean uh for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all okay I mean okay well like okay well so you know you know in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download uh so you know okay well so I mean um I mean like the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready so well well you know you know well you know you know okay I mean to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek so I mean you know okay well you know well um I mean uh. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth okay okay uh well uh you know uh um you know you know AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your you know so you know okay so you know you know like well uh actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho uh so I mean uh okay well um so well uh ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names okay well well um okay uh I mean um so okay you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho like so I mean um so like um um okay you know ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember uh um um well like okay well okay like I mean it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi Ami as you know so um I mean um uh so like um well he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides us on well um I mean um so well um okay you know um a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I want to start um well uh I mean um okay um okay you know well by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close to my okay um so well uh okay like okay um so heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you read the you know I mean well I mean I mean um uh you know I mean you know megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing I mean okay you know I mean like like okay uh um uh off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk okay you know uh uh well um well you know like you know about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a like so um so like like so uh I mean okay podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and so I mean you know uh I mean uh um um uh I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast well um you know I mean like you know you know well well so for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can okay well I mean well like so okay uh like like make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to okay you know um like um okay well um you know um make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take okay well you know so um so so like like well care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some okay okay so like like you know okay you know well okay She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're I mean like I mean you know like okay um like okay like going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call so so uh like I mean so like um uh like it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to so you know I mean you know well um I mean you know like I mean popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop uh uh uh well okay well so uh you know I mean corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our uh well so well I mean you know uh like like okay movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later uh you know uh well okay okay like um uh well. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual you know I mean so so um I mean um uh uh I mean and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D so like okay um okay like so okay uh you know divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds like so okay well um uh uh okay I mean like the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with you know okay okay so um well uh I mean you know well me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into um um um well well like uh I mean I mean I mean it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank well so uh I mean okay so uh so okay uh you so much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have um like well like um you know so you know like I mean you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding you know okay I mean I mean uh you know okay so well you know brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but um well you know you know okay so you know you know you know so today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk you know you know okay well I mean so like you know okay well to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, so you know okay um well well okay uh you know so we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a like you know um uh you know I mean I mean well I mean uh break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan I mean so so you know um um uh I mean okay okay a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning okay you know like I mean I mean I mean I mean so uh um a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning a wedding uh um you know you know well well like okay um so when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording uh like so uh I mean uh okay well so uh from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that so um you know like okay well you know you know well like we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's uh you know so like well um I mean um well okay the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not um you know well well so like you know okay so like in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome I mean okay like well okay okay uh um well I mean. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part well you know I mean I mean like um uh I mean you know so of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less like okay okay so so I mean well so like so so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are uh I mean you know uh like uh okay okay uh uh this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into uh uh like you know well so um well um okay the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man uh well like I mean you know uh I mean you know uh so Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or okay uh well well um I mean well I mean well like reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we go well uh I mean um well okay uh um so like through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first practice, but I mean you know so I mean like well uh so okay you know as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as many podcasts you know you know well like uh you know uh okay so so as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to the media how you know you know okay uh okay uh uh okay so like many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the uh well you know like I mean okay like you know okay you know Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, like um like you know you know I mean so you know well um so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I you know okay okay so well I mean okay like like I mean think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an so well okay well well I mean okay okay you know well hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little so you know I mean um like I mean okay uh okay so bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually I mean I mean you know you know uh like um okay so like work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football uh I mean well uh so um like you know like um fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool well uh so uh well uh uh well um okay the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us I mean I mean uh well uh so okay well well like this week for the second time. This season is gold head of you know like uh I mean you know okay well so um so news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not uh like you know well well um I mean okay you know okay touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very okay uh um so I mean so you know I mean um um good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half way so I mean well well I mean okay um so you know I mean. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the people that are still interested you know I mean okay um you know uh uh like like so. I used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the um um uh I mean so um okay well like so fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem you know uh um like I mean okay you know okay I mean like there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys I mean um I mean I mean well uh I mean okay you know well. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk like um um I mean you know uh um you know you know like about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few well well so well well so so uh so okay days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions well you know I mean so okay well well um okay okay show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, well you know uh okay so well so well well okay take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is like uh you know um like okay so uh I mean like swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that um like well like um uh well uh I mean you know they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on so okay um you know uh uh so you know like so the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about you know okay uh I mean I mean so uh I mean um well what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives well okay you know um so you know well um okay you know everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click um um so I mean so uh like um you know you know Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had you know I mean uh you know I mean like uh I mean you know I mean they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, well well you know okay so like uh so you know I mean and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the death um so uh well okay like uh uh okay uh of the black church in the black community. E in the role that played in the like so well well um I mean so I mean um okay type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really hear like shouters or well um uh um uh uh you know well uh like belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again probably last uh uh I mean uh okay uh okay you know uh uh one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last okay well so okay so like so so I mean uh sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you I mean well like um so okay like um okay uh don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we explore you know okay like okay I mean uh so like well uh faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of Truth and I mean um I mean um like so uh so I mean you know fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves off. I'm um like uh you know um okay you know uh okay like your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite etfe you um you know okay um okay you know you know I mean okay so on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness goals for uh um you know I mean okay I mean so well uh so 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for like like so you know you know you know like well uh okay godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track or to Simply begin your I mean okay um you know okay uh I mean like so well fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about uh you know like um um you know well okay okay uh the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a I mean um I mean uh like I mean okay so uh okay mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often you know um like uh so I mean okay like you know I mean finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we okay uh I mean uh so well okay I mean uh okay do find them then on the other side of the world or is too you know you know you know well so um you know okay well you know expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for okay so um uh like like um like so well over 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year um okay like you know okay uh like um you know um. I've been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I well like well well I mean well like um you know so can help more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship uh well um you know well uh you know okay uh uh group here. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions well okay um you know well I mean so uh okay you know. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a uh like uh well you know I mean well so so okay fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and uh well I mean like like um okay well you know um on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening so um you know like um you know uh you know like like to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate so well um I mean okay um I mean so well you know and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? um well okay like so um so uh well I mean Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband uh like you know um I mean I mean uh so well okay here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco um okay so like okay okay okay okay well I mean ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share you know like well um so um uh well you know you know our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at uh um um um I mean so so well I mean so this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over okay like you know like you know um like you know so you know the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing like uh uh I mean like uh so so like well a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've you know I mean so uh you know like okay uh okay like learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group so I mean uh like so so I mean you know okay so our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists I mean well okay so okay well uh so like like. I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of I mean I mean okay um I mean well um you know I mean um video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If okay okay uh you know like I mean uh so like um you like this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your okay uh I mean okay like I mean I mean okay I mean so podcasts. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you know okay you know okay well so you know I mean uh you know you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking okay uh um like uh okay like like um so at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli well well well okay well you know well okay okay like agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 so okay uh so uh I mean I mean I mean like like Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing I mean uh like okay I mean uh um so so you know to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by okay you know okay well I mean okay well like uh uh a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been so so you know well I mean I mean um well like okay some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those like like well uh well uh uh so well I mean Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is you know um um you know so okay you know um well uh a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also well well uh I mean I mean um so like I mean so hosts the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about so like I mean you know um so like like okay okay extension crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and like okay like you know um uh I mean okay okay okay what art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm uh I mean you know uh you know I mean I mean like I mean I mean so happy that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to so I mean uh well um well you know you know you know you know see you. It's been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for uh I mean um okay uh you know okay so well like a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual exploitation uh um well you know um okay uh you know well okay in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a Bill, so well uh you know I mean well uh okay so okay that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their like um you know um like I mean uh okay so okay victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 okay so well okay like okay okay I mean um well the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing so okay you know well uh like like like like so paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the um uh I mean uh you know uh um so you know well enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast uh well well like okay like okay uh you know I mean and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far okay so you know okay well okay like uh well so and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a um so uh um I mean I mean like well okay so mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she uh I mean you know well like so like so I mean um put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to you know uh um so well uh um so I mean I mean it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big you know uh you know okay like like like well so um difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set like so I mean I mean well I mean you know you know you know so it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do so so I mean well well I mean well so um um the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will so you know um um um well I mean so um well do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis okay you know like um well um you know so um okay birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's I mean like well well um like like I mean I mean uh say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat uh I mean well so okay uh like okay um okay snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey so um um you know uh okay I mean uh like so where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan like so like well I mean uh I mean so well you know is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty like um okay so uh uh like I mean you know okay first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series well okay um you know um I mean uh um you know you know that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in um so you know okay I mean I mean so okay like okay Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording uh okay well like well so I mean well like I mean a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So like I mean okay uh well okay um okay I mean well you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two okay so I mean well like well you know so I mean like Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You like so uh um okay I mean uh like okay I mean can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL okay uh like well so uh so uh like like e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry uh I mean okay I mean well well like so okay well deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of so I mean so I mean I mean well like so uh well you know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what um well um uh uh so so like I mean okay vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth like I mean so well well you know um well okay so. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to um you know okay so you know well so okay um well But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you well I mean so you know you know I mean um so okay okay can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know so I mean like um um so I mean um well you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed uh okay um uh um so so well um you know wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is so okay um so uh like uh um um I mean why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank uh you know uh well uh uh I mean uh well okay you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins you know I mean you know um you know um okay I mean well uh me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so uh so uh like like um okay well like like grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story uh like uh like well um um okay you know so and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This okay so like so you know like okay like I mean so girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so so like so uh um you know you know um um so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life and like so so you know uh okay like like okay so so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and okay okay um like so okay well I mean so uh her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so well so um like well okay um uh I mean uh much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting well I mean I mean um like like so so well okay down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from I mean uh okay like so well um you know uh I mean these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power I mean okay uh I mean okay you know okay um uh you know of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like well like well okay like like uh you know you know like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm okay you know uh okay uh well like like like um with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a okay um I mean like like I mean um well like you know really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was you know well like like um well okay um like you know that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you um so uh okay uh like so um uh I mean know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about so uh well like well so like okay well well. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining I mean like I mean uh well well so so so um will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with Steven like uh so okay you know I mean okay okay well okay watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric you know like you know okay um okay uh like you know um. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV okay um okay I mean so okay like uh um I mean Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick uh so like like uh uh uh uh so you know one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it I mean uh okay well so you know well I mean you know uh helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we bring like so okay you know so so uh uh like like you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman I mean you know you know I mean so uh well so okay um from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James Bond fan, okay okay you know uh you know I mean okay well you know okay you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete well um you know okay okay um uh well like you know uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and okay so you know you know I mean like uh well so okay it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike well I mean well so you know uh you know uh like like Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a so uh um you know well you know um you know you know like special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow okay well so like okay I mean um well you know I mean them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in I mean well okay uh so well okay okay I mean I mean with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast um I mean okay I mean well well so so like okay. This is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do so well well you know I mean well uh so I mean okay interviews. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this like like like I mean I mean like like okay you know um up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over well like well I mean I mean um you know you know you know um at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost um you know okay you know uh you know um so well I mean two years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't um like okay like like like okay um well uh expect to get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, you know so well um okay okay I mean like like you know we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and okay uh you know I mean uh okay well I mean so well we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap I mean so um okay well I mean well like um so and we're going to be going to two shows a week instead of one well okay well um well well so so I mean you know and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss like I mean I mean I mean well I mean so um okay well both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, well okay you know well well um okay well uh well and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection I mean I mean well um you know well I mean uh okay uh you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I I mean um uh you know well uh I mean I mean you know I mean want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if like okay you know okay well so um like you know uh the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? okay um okay okay okay well um well like well I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for well um uh like so you know I mean well um so some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away you know so well you know so okay well okay I mean uh and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make a well well well so I mean okay well like uh um podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is well uh okay uh I mean I mean okay okay uh I mean great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so I mean like um uh um uh so like well right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your you know okay uh like okay um um you know well um podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download uh uh like I mean you know well so well um um the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we okay so you know like I mean okay you know uh so you know are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league um so so okay I mean um okay um so so board member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni uh you know um you know I mean um you know um uh I mean. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the okay like uh okay you know I mean uh so uh so rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more so uh okay well I mean okay you know well uh okay places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've okay um so okay uh um so so well um got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life um I mean well um um well well well so uh and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus okay like well well like I mean I mean okay like so it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are behind with well well I mean I mean I mean um well well well um a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against like so um you know so uh you know I mean well I mean Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand you know well I mean well so well uh I mean so uh down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they um so you know like so okay you know so well so have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well uh you know um so I mean well okay okay um me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and uh so I mean well like uh like um well well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you uh well uh uh uh I mean I mean you know um uh. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make uh you know like okay like okay um okay so so money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make um uh so okay like so I mean so like okay podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to so like uh well um like you know I mean like okay get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking okay okay you know um you know I mean um well so so to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love um I mean so so okay okay well well so you know Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much so um you know I mean you know okay well um I mean like money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your okay I mean you know um well you know okay so uh I mean professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's largest um okay like um uh okay I mean you know so I mean mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an intense customer I mean okay I mean you know like uh well like I mean okay focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of pools so so you know like you know so I mean so you know you know for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin um okay um you know okay like okay okay so um for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to go so like well uh like you know I mean well so well and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor like well like so okay like okay well like you know the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners would well you know okay okay okay you know okay uh I mean um support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and okay um um like so so so like I mean um give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks um uh so well like so so I mean uh I mean for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the so okay I mean okay um like like so um like history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr well like you know I mean um okay well like like uh. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We like well like okay like okay so so okay you know talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash well like well uh well so well I mean I mean like has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the so well you know like like so well you know uh okay crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the like okay um um I mean um like okay so you know time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame like so um um well like you know well um uh from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put every you know okay um um okay you know so okay well well day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter and John okay so so so uh okay um you know okay well about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as did John so like you know like um okay like so well okay then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York well well so I mean like um well like I mean I mean City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the well um so so so well like so I mean like Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a you know I mean okay well so well you know okay okay I mean sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it uh so okay you know well well so well okay uh did look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on you know well um you know so uh like uh I mean um South Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still so okay uh well I mean so okay well okay uh just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund well so you know you know uh I mean like so so well and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments you know I mean okay you know like I mean so so you know I mean were made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started okay um like I mean so well like well um uh to bloom it my fund we already had FX in the region so so well I mean you know um okay well I mean you know but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized like so okay um like like okay like so um if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back uh well um okay so I mean so um okay okay for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was um well uh I mean I mean so you know you know you know well the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to I mean um like well so um um I mean like I mean sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it like uh like um I mean you know uh okay well so is rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, okay so well uh you know like well I mean um well you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando like uh so um well you know uh I mean um okay who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and you know you know I mean like uh so um well I mean I mean seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should I mean um uh I mean like um um like like um go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it you know um okay um uh like um um I mean like also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah well um like okay like you know um like um I mean. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of okay um you know so so well well like I mean like all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and um uh like you know you know uh um well okay I mean two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo um so uh like well like okay I mean okay you know speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. He okay um so so so so uh well uh uh says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still so like like well um I mean so well I mean okay hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief you know I mean uh um okay okay okay like okay I mean guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course um okay like like so well you know like so okay that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid okay okay I mean so okay I mean uh um you know like. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as well uh like I mean uh okay well well like so king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the okay so like like so okay you know okay like um wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose like okay uh I mean um like you know so I mean like being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be you know you know well um um you know uh you know like like Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I like well okay uh okay okay okay like well um don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be uh like you know uh so I mean you know so um I mean drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've uh uh like well uh okay um so um well reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping well like well well um well like well like so self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also I mean so um I mean like so okay like um um the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in um uh well so well okay so well I mean like my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she um I mean uh well well I mean uh well um okay has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her I mean um you know you know okay I mean uh like you know you know life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey you know well you know I mean so um I mean so uh okay of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the well so well um like well well you know like uh perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The um uh uh okay uh okay you know uh so um simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another so like well um um like I mean like okay you know day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status uh okay um you know I mean well well well uh well after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship uh well um uh I mean so well okay okay well that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell uh I mean okay I mean uh okay uh so I mean um no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying I mean you know well well uh well um well um I mean about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views well I mean you know like uh you know um uh okay um and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor okay I mean so well um so so well okay um is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor well so like um uh okay um like so um gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily um you know so you know uh um I mean so okay uh download it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to okay you know well um like uh um like well you know record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to well you know um um okay uh I mean you know like I mean Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you know you know so I mean you know like um I mean uh um you can easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the so um well I mean so so well um you know um app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan so okay I mean like well uh uh well you know so Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going so so so you know like so you know like well okay to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is so uh uh so you know so well well uh well Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by I mean well like like okay so so um like you know my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as like I mean well so uh uh well well um well is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little okay um uh um um so I mean uh you know you know known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was okay I mean you know you know um um uh I mean I mean okay incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just well um you know so I mean so like uh you know um in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is um uh so well I mean you know you know okay so you know Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you like well like uh like so um I mean um I mean been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's like okay like you know uh so like okay okay you know looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've I mean I mean uh you know like I mean you know uh you know so got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we like uh uh well like okay so um uh uh are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's well you know like okay well I mean I mean I mean um um newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email okay uh you know um I mean like okay like uh so here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling uh you know like uh okay like okay I mean um uh me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I like so you know um okay so uh I mean okay you know guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with his um uh so um well uh like so um you know wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an emotional so so you know you know uh so um okay um okay affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed well so like like so uh um well like uh his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's um uh well you know well I mean I mean like so so hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments I mean I mean you know well you know well you know okay uh I mean or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with I mean okay okay like like well uh you know um I mean only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged uh uh I mean well uh um like um well okay those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward uh you know okay okay like uh like so like I mean to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few you know uh um so well okay okay so like like when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start you know well well like well so um like okay um a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now okay um you know I mean so so um you know okay I mean and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to okay well well like okay you know um so like uh my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird um you know I mean uh you know uh like so like like one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the so so okay I mean okay uh like well um you know world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I I mean okay you know I mean like you know you know um um like don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your I mean like you know you know like well I mean so um you know knees and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is uh uh so you know so like like like uh um gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you uh well uh so you know um uh well um like hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you well uh okay uh uh like you know you know well okay can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know so you know well okay well okay like okay you know um what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta okay uh um so you know okay okay like like like be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where um I mean you know I mean okay like so like so so you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that like okay uh um uh so I mean I mean well like ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep so well okay so like so okay okay like so moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know well you know uh I mean um like okay you know um so it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And um I mean you know like uh so like I mean um uh we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three so okay like like well I mean like okay um so days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be releasing I mean uh you know I mean um well uh you know uh well things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday here um I mean um so like I mean okay like okay uh. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday I mean um well uh okay so uh I mean you know like. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political and I mean like well so okay uh okay I mean like uh shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your um okay like um so well um um so well week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode okay I mean like I mean well um you know so um um. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to okay like you know uh well um uh you know um um join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What well well okay you know you know I mean okay okay well okay up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests like okay like so you know okay so I mean I mean like from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude okay you know I mean uh like you know um uh okay well and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from like you know okay I mean okay I mean so um well well the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky okay uh uh uh you know you know um you know you know uh. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man well well okay I mean um so so like um okay confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale I mean I mean uh like okay well so um like okay Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify so so like well so so well you know um uh or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener you know like okay uh I mean like you know you know uh um discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people like um uh well like okay you know I mean I mean I mean may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer um well I mean um I mean okay like okay okay well Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in like like so so I mean well I mean I mean so like Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on well you know uh okay I mean well I mean um um uh social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint so like um you know so I mean like so um well investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of um okay you know so okay like I mean so uh um those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a okay like I mean so so uh you know so I mean okay whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here I mean I mean I mean you know uh um like you know well uh. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides uh well so so I mean so I mean so uh you know just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for uh okay like um well like okay like like well 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or okay I mean well you know you know okay you know okay so okay reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and well okay so okay well I mean well like okay you know opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's well okay well like so um I mean like uh uh. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're like well you know well you know uh you know uh you know uh looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century like okay like um uh um like you know so well. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous okay well um I mean so um okay well uh so glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it like well you know well I mean okay I mean like like you know all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to okay uh like okay well um um like I mean uh get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think well so like I mean so um okay well uh like we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want so like I mean you know okay um well well like okay to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to so uh uh uh you know uh okay okay you know uh you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's well um I mean um okay you know so well uh okay time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like um um I mean like you know um so um uh I mean you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of well like okay so you know okay so I mean um like I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because we well okay uh well um okay I mean um you know well had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted um so like you know I mean so um I mean I mean I mean at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we like well okay uh you know like you know uh well so found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold I mean you know um so um so well you know I mean like for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, okay well so well okay okay like well um well we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different uh well like um like um you know um you know well places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high um uh like well um well um uh you know you know so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week um I mean I mean okay um uh um like okay like and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this you know like so okay uh uh like uh you know so episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season well you know so well so like so well uh I mean 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't okay well um well um uh you know okay um you know forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our um okay like I mean well okay I mean you know uh like recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to you know well well so you know I mean uh you know you know okay stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a um um like like I mean you know I mean like okay like chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter like uh uh okay like uh like well you know um just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw well like okay well okay um um well I mean uh. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have you know uh so okay so okay you know uh okay I mean lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you I mean well uh um you know well so I mean like okay for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into like okay uh so um I mean well like I mean well the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you well you know so okay uh you know I mean well so okay think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a well you know I mean you know so uh well so like you know couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah um like you know well well okay so I mean I mean uh Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor like you know uh um um uh um I mean I mean so Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by um okay so so okay so well uh okay um women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week um I mean well so I mean uh like you know um so and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This so like you know like well so um I mean so like episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive okay you know like like you know so so um I mean like. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in okay you know like I mean uh I mean um okay you know okay the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual I mean like so I mean I mean so I mean well you know like meeting The Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground well okay okay I mean you know okay well so so you know as president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at well um you know uh um like okay okay okay okay least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new you know like so you know well so you know like okay okay California Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by you know okay uh um I mean I mean um so you know um some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other you know well okay like you know well well um um well religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion you know you know you know so you know you know well I mean so like for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to you know I mean you know you know uh uh I mean you know so well to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans I mean well like you know like I mean okay okay uh so of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in so you know you know like uh uh okay so like okay my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've had you know I mean so you know uh uh well well like so to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out of well okay well okay uh so I mean so you know like one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to you know um uh well well well uh I mean um well Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the so okay I mean so uh okay well well so okay best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put okay you know well uh you know I mean well um uh so it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends well you know I mean so you know I mean well so I mean um use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and um like you know so I mean well so well so um I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor like I mean you know like I mean okay um you know you know like if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's so I mean okay like like um I mean you know you know um up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has I mean I mean um well okay well well uh um well another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has well um you know I mean um like like you know so um a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner so you know okay um you know okay okay uh um you know. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a uh okay you know well I mean I mean like you know you know okay relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know um you know so you know okay I mean um like okay you know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen well well okay um um well so okay well like table poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your well so so well okay okay so like you know so metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs like well okay like um um you know uh um okay and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be like I mean I mean so well you know uh um uh okay besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes well you know I mean you know like okay you know um uh so or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation uh like you know um um like you know like uh um episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during I mean you know you know okay um like you know well well I mean chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and uh you know so um okay um okay so uh well to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may so well um I mean so okay so um uh uh have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a I mean well I mean so okay okay okay so I mean uh group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me I mean um okay you know so I mean I mean okay okay so. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met I mean like um I mean I mean well you know well you know I mean at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, okay you know okay so like okay okay you know uh um you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people come through and uh uh okay you know I mean well I mean so like you know sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things like um so well so okay you know you know well um in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes in well so uh um uh um okay like you know you know a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it. I was well I mean you know so so well okay um uh um reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying all is um you know so so um well uh like okay I mean well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that habit uh okay you know so uh you know um I mean you know uh of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And like uh well you know like you know so okay okay like so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and I mean okay okay um I mean like uh I mean so like bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream I mean so you know so well I mean I mean like like well of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who so you know I mean I mean well like like well okay so for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment well I mean uh so okay uh so uh uh I mean with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that you know uh like okay I mean like I mean so well okay is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish okay so well uh um okay well like um um. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here so um you know you know like like you know so well I mean with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did I like uh you know uh okay um okay well you know so come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so so um uh you know so well well well um I mean over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I like um um um I mean okay uh well like okay was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when so well so I mean well I mean uh well I mean like I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking uh okay I mean um like like um so you know so for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I realized well like um okay you know um so like you know well that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're um so uh so um okay I mean I mean uh well very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement well I mean uh uh uh okay well okay okay you know. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network you know uh I mean I mean you know you know like um uh you know front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I mean uh so uh so um I mean okay okay you know I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well you know um um uh okay I mean so so well I mean romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of so I mean I mean um okay I mean uh um like I mean genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of okay you know okay okay you know uh like like okay so self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If like uh you know like uh um you know like well uh you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network you know okay I mean well I mean um uh like like um. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, I mean um I mean so I mean you know I mean okay so so which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have like you know you know um like I mean uh well so so been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about well you know uh so you know um I mean um um um the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most you know I mean you know so um so you know like uh um notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're okay okay I mean well so um like okay um uh exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've like you know okay like you know I mean I mean so like um collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore so um okay well so you know uh well I mean uh ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really well so well uh um well um uh like well is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to so uh so um um uh uh you know like uh podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today okay uh okay uh well like uh like like I mean. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and so okay so you know you know like well um I mean uh you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope okay like I mean so you know like so like you know uh you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 I mean uh so well you know you know I mean okay uh you know in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally so uh I mean I mean um okay I mean so you know so make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight. It uh okay like well uh like well you know okay so was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt uh I mean well uh you know like so okay like uh prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we so um I mean you know so well um well I mean uh cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us so well I mean you know you know well so I mean well well again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this well like uh like um uh so okay so well ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at like uh like so so so well I mean so uh this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something um um so like uh well I mean so you know okay. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct uh I mean so uh well okay so like so you know us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak so so so uh so okay so okay like so for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but you know like like so like okay um uh I mean uh that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of I mean so so so uh like well like you know uh come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most like I mean uh you know so well okay you know uh uh of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from um well you know so um well okay like um like someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn you know okay like well you know well okay like like you know. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week okay I mean you know okay uh um you know well um like late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came like uh I mean um okay you know um um I mean um to New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot well you know well like you know like I mean so okay I mean of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had um so I mean well well okay you know you know well like so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear okay I mean you know well so well uh like so like I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in um you know um like you know like uh um I mean uh a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans um like you know like okay uh um you know well well and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be um so I mean so uh you know I mean I mean so okay loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no one's uh so like so um you know okay okay I mean I mean here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody um you know um you know like um like like um like try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and like um uh uh you know so like I mean uh um my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping like like okay well like I mean I mean so so you know it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about I mean I mean um uh okay um like like you know okay scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode like so you know so so so you know well I mean okay on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I uh uh I mean you know okay um um I mean um you know said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions so uh like you know like um I mean like well I mean expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? so I mean well like well I mean I mean uh um well Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an you know okay like okay I mean well I mean I mean um well American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, well well uh um okay you know I mean um um uh I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah so uh well like I mean I mean um okay I mean so. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait you know well I mean I mean so I mean well I mean so so for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time like okay you know you know well like well you know so okay. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us uh um so like I mean like I mean I mean I mean I mean via Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to uh uh so okay so well you know okay I mean I mean warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's um you know I mean okay um so okay um like um like almost always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish you know so so so like well uh well um well that weather that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like okay uh so okay uh okay uh okay like so it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something um uh so I mean uh okay like um okay so like that. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This so like um well uh so so well uh you know episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme uh okay so um I mean like you know well so uh Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone you know like um you know I mean uh I mean so so uh home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air like like okay uh um you know uh well I mean um and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by you know uh um well uh you know like um um um ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate okay well okay well so okay um I mean um like you swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the okay I mean well um I mean like like like um well idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a okay so uh like um so uh um you know I mean bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight um I mean so like like you know okay you know like okay line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs like so so so I mean um you know so so so for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space well uh I mean like I mean I mean so like I mean like amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like so well uh um so um well well um well hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know I mean I mean uh um I mean uh I mean so you know like are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely like I mean um I mean so like you know um um you know remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more um so well uh uh okay like okay so so than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down uh well like you know you know well like I mean um you know the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go uh you know um like um uh so okay I mean okay back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he so well I mean you know well so okay I mean well um was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two I mean well um okay um so okay okay uh like years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking um I mean okay so I mean well I mean um like well sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen um well um I mean okay like okay so so so free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered um you know you know like so okay uh well well like for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce I mean okay um like I mean uh okay uh well you know himself to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made like so um uh I mean well um well well like me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious I mean so I mean like um like so okay so okay minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when um I mean so so um you know um so I mean like you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep uh so okay well uh like uh well so okay you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself so um well okay uh um you know uh I mean I mean you scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this uh you know like so you know okay okay like you know so week as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the um uh okay uh okay so I mean I mean um I mean cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the um I mean you know well okay you know I mean uh like like precise temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it I mean so okay I mean so so well uh well like was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian you know um okay well um like okay so okay you know Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve so I mean I mean so uh um so um you know okay Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted so like um um um um uh well like okay Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are uh okay um um you know well um you know I mean like not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind so okay okay so uh well I mean well um uh stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain well okay well okay well well I mean well so I mean Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the so well well so like um um uh like uh research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the like so um okay so I mean um uh I mean uh doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator I mean like like uh you know like um so uh well of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic uh well I mean um you know uh well well okay well is all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was okay I mean so like you know you know okay okay uh uh sent in by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for so you know uh uh um you know like um I mean you know this idea because he noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the so well okay um like like well I mean so I mean workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of a circuit uh I mean you know you know uh okay I mean um like well. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better you know uh I mean like um like okay you know okay uh for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're going to so uh well you know you know uh uh well like uh break down the science and we're also going to break down some reality because uh okay uh um you know I mean so I mean uh um you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life well you know well uh well uh you know um I mean so factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I so well uh like okay I mean uh uh uh well choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists well so okay you know so well um um I mean like. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key okay well okay okay like okay uh so I mean you know. And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it I mean okay you know like I mean I mean you know well well uh was for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many okay I mean um I mean you know uh like so um so great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our well uh like like I mean I mean you know uh uh well app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development like like uh um you know I mean like okay you know um productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work well so well I mean okay I mean uh uh so uh and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick like you know um um like okay uh like you know um read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of I mean you know um well well okay I mean okay well so small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex uh well you know you know okay so um okay I mean uh Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat in okay um um like uh I mean like like well okay visible in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate okay you know like uh um like well well like so Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting okay uh I mean um you know uh you know like okay um your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is well I mean I mean I mean okay okay you know um you know well the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So um okay uh I mean um uh so uh uh um if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download our I mean um so I mean you know um you know okay well so audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and like well okay so well like okay well I mean uh anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those you know so you know uh like uh okay well you know like places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's uh okay well I mean like so I mean you know so uh free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on like well so well like uh uh um well well your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each like uh okay um so well well like so so and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this like okay you know well I mean uh um well so well without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave um um well okay well um well okay you know okay a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all okay you know so so uh I mean okay so um I mean the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh uh okay I mean so like um uh um okay me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean so um I mean uh uh okay okay you know um from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so well I mean I mean um so you know um uh okay can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from you know okay you know so well so um um like you know your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast like so uh I mean okay uh well um well um in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get uh um okay um so like I mean you know like okay arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today uh like so so so I mean like like um like on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We have so well I mean um um you know like well like okay Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts okay you know okay like well I mean uh okay like uh at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to I mean like so so like like I mean uh you know well find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, I mean uh okay like so I mean okay so you know you know I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot I mean you know like you know I mean um so you know you know um code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three I mean um okay okay you know um like so you know well workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer um I mean you know I mean um so so you know so like app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the like um uh okay like you know I mean so I mean okay plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a well um okay well um uh like so well you know chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that uh so like um well so uh uh you know you know you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to you know well so okay I mean so so you know well like any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is okay you know so okay okay uh I mean I mean okay so also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here um I mean okay uh so um I mean you know you know uh we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on um well I mean okay I mean okay uh um well so. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, okay well you know uh so okay like like okay um hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know so uh you know so uh you know well I mean um I mean. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out you know so well okay so uh okay like okay I mean. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child you know uh um you know uh okay um well uh so mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, um well like I mean so uh so so so I mean so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to so well um um so okay I mean um so okay share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind so so well well you know like I mean well uh um of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last you know okay I mean like uh well I mean well I mean you know Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that like um I mean you know I mean I mean okay like um uh I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my age well so so you know um okay so so I mean uh that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass I mean well well okay you know so so uh so like fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was okay well you know okay well I mean well okay so um the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up to okay I mean uh okay like um like I mean like okay episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through um okay uh okay so okay I mean so well uh these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people like um uh you know like um um I mean okay okay. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of well you know like well so I mean you know I mean so um grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having me. No so um so um I mean I mean so okay um like worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a uh um like you know like uh well uh um well pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, you know I mean I mean okay I mean um I mean um okay you know no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace like you know so uh well well like okay like like Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's so well I mean well you know uh so I mean you know like about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of Doc season I mean uh you know so so okay I mean like I mean okay. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be no more end times so um um uh you know um you know okay you know so episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following like I mean so um okay okay like um you know okay that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script so um well uh so okay okay uh uh okay shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to you know so like um uh uh I mean okay like uh create new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / well uh so like well well you know um um like stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap uh um so I mean okay so you know you know like you know ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We okay uh like you know um so um I mean like you know got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So like uh well so uh well you know you know you know okay fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different you know you know okay you know like you know I mean so like like types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love you know uh like uh well you know you know like so like it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess like you know I mean uh like so uh like you know well vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, so um so okay um so you know um I mean I mean we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing so you know okay okay uh I mean okay you know um I mean team can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast you know like so I mean okay uh I mean so like like drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From okay you know you know so um I mean um well uh um Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm I mean well um like I mean well you know so uh you know going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe you know okay um I mean you know uh you know like I mean I mean don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to you know you know um so I mean okay well so okay uh a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I um uh uh like okay I mean uh you know okay like was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good well well okay well okay okay I mean um well so stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a uh you know so I mean uh you know um so well you know talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire um um you know I mean uh uh uh I mean so you know and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a uh I mean well um so so okay well I mean like mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much so okay so like like like I mean you know you know well for having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of uh you know um uh I mean you know I mean you know um like your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of like I mean like so um you know uh I mean okay well people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for like like like like well like uh um like like me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll um you know like uh um you know so so like I mean give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because okay like so uh okay um well so um uh obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or okay so so like uh um so you know like um do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from you know well okay I mean so I mean like well you know you know the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day I mean okay you know okay um um uh um like uh events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here so um um well you know uh I mean um like I mean to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you okay so well okay okay you know okay um I mean so are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing uh like well um I mean so um okay you know uh platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting uh like uh um so well uh um um you know room get your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor like uh I mean I mean well like well I mean so like it's it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me uh you know uh I mean I mean like like I mean well uh explain it's free. There's Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know well well like like well like um uh uh from your phone or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So so well I mean um uh um I mean um so um you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money so I mean like so like um well I mean um okay like I'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no okay you know well well um uh you know so I mean um minimum listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's guests okay well okay well I mean uh okay uh I mean okay are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient a so okay you know like like okay uh so well you know creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand you know okay okay I mean well you know okay well uh I mean side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters at so like you know I mean like I mean okay so uh I mean Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and then worked okay I mean I mean I mean like okay I mean I mean like so as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a few months um so like I mean like uh uh well uh you know ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple well so well I mean like like um well uh you know highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the gradient okay um okay like you know so well um okay well. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just you know uh so you know I mean uh so okay well well jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to so so um like uh you know like well okay so thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to I mean so you know so uh like well you know okay uh make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it um um well okay well well um I mean you know okay. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um um okay like um um you know you know well well your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you well I mean you know you know I mean well you know okay uh you know can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from uh I mean well so um okay so um okay uh your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast so uh um I mean I mean like um I mean uh uh right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to well so well I mean like like you know so okay okay Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That you know okay uh um um you know like like I mean uh was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started you know uh so I mean okay okay I mean so I mean I mean sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory okay um okay uh I mean well well okay so okay victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has okay okay so okay uh okay okay so well I mean Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions so you know okay okay you know so I mean you know so well. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling uh I mean so well um okay I mean um okay so the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your like okay like like so well I mean I mean um so host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. It's you know I mean um well um um uh I mean I mean well 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in uh like um well uh so well I mean okay um the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu I mean okay uh um so I mean uh you know okay okay grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit um well uh you know okay um okay you know so well of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not you know you know you know I mean you know um um I mean you know um just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things uh I mean like so you know you know like I mean um like off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate like so uh so I mean okay well I mean well you know. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd um well I mean okay like um uh okay I mean so In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend okay like well well um I mean um so I mean I mean 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so you know so so I mean I mean okay well okay so like good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding I mean well uh well you know you know you know uh well okay going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My uh like I mean you know um okay I mean okay well um name is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have okay like so so like well well so I mean like Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an uh well uh okay you know well well um uh so interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I you know like okay like okay you know like okay uh I mean was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do okay um so well so like okay uh um like one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have like well so um uh okay um uh uh like that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing so like so okay well well uh I mean like you know it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men okay I mean uh okay like I mean like well okay I mean of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of okay I mean um like well um so like okay so the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping men were like so um okay um um well um well um so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the I mean well uh so so um um like okay okay cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that well well um um uh uh well well um so had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on like you know like well so so well like like well some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that okay you know well uh you know like so um I mean um our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor okay um you know um um okay like okay you know like it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that so okay uh okay you know well well like you know you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm um you know um I mean um okay you know like you know so doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast I mean okay um I mean okay so you know I mean um so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can okay you know okay so you know um well you know um um make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk like I mean I mean like um like I mean um well like. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor so like uh uh I mean I mean so you know you know I mean app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash you know you know well um I mean you know okay okay I mean uh up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap uh you know uh uh well okay you know um so um talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what okay um okay I mean okay I mean well uh I mean I mean it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast um okay okay um I mean like well so you know like where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business you know so I mean like um okay like so like well in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means I mean okay like okay like well okay well I mean uh every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic like um well so well okay you know like well like of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this uh well you know you know well well well I mean I mean I mean week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of well uh like like like you know um so you know well mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about you know okay well so well you know well so like well acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the well you know well you know uh I mean um well um well best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get like well uh I mean okay okay like I mean uh you know them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an well I mean okay well uh um uh okay you know I mean awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is um I mean uh you know you know so I mean you know uh okay our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is so well like okay I mean well like so so um a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada I mean um I mean I mean okay um like uh well well Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a podcast you know like okay I mean like well so so well like. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay uh so uh so um I mean like um I mean your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for so okay okay I mean okay um well okay you know so you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms so like uh um okay so well uh uh uh. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything I mean so uh I mean um like um I mean you know like you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the free um okay you know uh like um okay uh so like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the node like so like uh uh um um okay okay you know or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a player like well I mean like okay like so okay like okay but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I don't have uh okay you know um like you know you know well I mean okay really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast you know um um you know so um well like like okay. So a big question that I get either via email or over on I mean like well you know you know I mean you know so well I mean our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their online so you know okay okay okay uh well um well okay store and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to I mean well uh um like so you know I mean uh you know launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how uh well okay um like I mean well like uh um to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that like I mean um so uh uh okay well uh I mean stuff. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll so I mean so well so so well like okay I mean post a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship like well well you know well so um I mean okay okay webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to well um I mean well okay you know you know okay uh I mean build the business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get like uh um okay you know okay uh uh well I mean done before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier well uh um so okay okay I mean okay well I mean before you get your first sale? So I want to cover a business okay you know like um so so um so you know you know checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options you have and um okay okay um well well uh okay so um then let you know what I do and what I recommend so with that being um well so um so uh so uh okay um said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad so so uh like uh like uh you know I mean like human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did uh uh um so well you know uh like so uh two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so like um I mean uh uh so I mean like I mean well hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys um um you know I mean so uh uh okay like so. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable like uh like uh you know so well so I mean um break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or I mean um like I mean um you know well you know well okay because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our um so you know well I mean well you know okay uh you know lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually um you know like well you know okay well uh so I mean the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you know um I mean well um so I mean you know uh um you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What like you know I mean okay um like I mean uh um uh is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and well I mean well you know uh you know okay you know I mean okay record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer okay um you know well you know so you know you know you know well anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down you know uh so um I mean okay like okay uh so apple and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I um you know you know uh you know I mean I mean I mean uh okay just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make okay I mean um you know so well well okay well you know money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an you know I mean uh okay um well okay well uh I mean ad that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of so like you know um like so I mean so like I mean money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th you know like okay I mean well so okay okay okay uh episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show uh you know uh so I mean um like uh uh so. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to um you know so you know well so I mean so you know uh talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at like uh okay well so uh I mean you know so like Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland like um okay so um like uh uh like uh. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of well like I mean like um I mean um so uh um Lacrosse to sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be okay like uh you know um you know um like um okay sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks okay I mean like I mean uh uh so so I mean so factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts you know okay okay you know I mean like you know um uh I mean and we're building on that every single day and then a little uh um so okay I mean well so so I mean well bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell okay you know like I mean you know you know I mean um um um La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally named it uh so okay I mean uh you know okay so okay uh. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back to well you know okay I mean um I mean uh well I mean okay Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because okay well um um so like uh uh um uh Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies I mean like like okay so well well okay okay like seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this uh like uh I mean well okay like well well okay is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So you know I mean like like um so um I mean like I mean I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We okay okay um well uh you know okay uh okay you know just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is um like um I mean you know uh okay I mean you know I mean this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is you know so like I mean like um okay uh I mean like conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going okay you know you know well so uh well I mean I mean like to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from Brandi Love about you know so I mean so like well uh you know I mean like her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with that okay like uh so I mean like like well you know um. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and first um I mean I mean I mean so okay you know well you know you know before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this so like well well like uh well okay like so time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage you to so um I mean um I mean like well uh okay okay make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to download is you know like I mean I mean well I mean uh well okay um free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it um okay like uh uh uh uh well okay okay and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record um like well uh okay so I mean you know you know uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I have uh you know um so well well uh uh so I mean just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like like okay so um well I mean so you know okay uh life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica Simpson uh I mean well you know I mean like um like uh like book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say I mean um well like uh um so um you know so anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me if you you know like so well you know like okay uh like like would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I uh you know okay well I mean well well you know so like were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right now. I even went to so you know like you know you know uh like well well like his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if people were I mean I mean I mean so I mean you know um like um I mean commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this but that um um so okay okay um okay okay you know you know bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't I mean um so so so like so you know well so know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here so uh like um uh you know you know you know uh so with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think okay like I mean um you know well well I mean I mean um you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't like uh like so like uh okay okay so so wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from Summer like so I mean well like so you know um well uh House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like comfortable okay so okay so you know so like so like you know in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never you know um uh like okay so um like so like safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming like like okay well well uh you know um um like. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like so I mean I mean okay so well okay you know uh like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an well so okay like um you know like so uh like east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and so uh I mean um I mean okay I mean like you know okay cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode like uh you know so well uh okay I mean I mean okay This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do okay I mean uh so I mean okay you know um like so once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about like I mean I mean okay uh well uh okay so like to go live with him right now. And this is what you're going to uh um um okay I mean like like like well I mean be hearing. So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity I mean like you know okay um I mean well so okay I mean to listen back on it. So here we go. There he is now in so well like um like um I mean like um um I mean we're going to be able to get started in just a few seconds um uh so so okay okay like uh well so invited them to I not connecting and there is what's up. Back again another like I mean like okay well well okay well uh well week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an um uh okay okay like well well so so uh embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So you know like uh well uh well like like you know uh yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway okay you know okay okay so uh um like so like Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion so uh well like you know so I mean like so I mean at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure um you know uh well you know so um I mean like I mean corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian uh like um well okay like well okay you know um McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United well um so like um well like like I mean you know States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases um um um I mean uh um I mean like like well are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have um like okay you know well well um you know you know like occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred uh um um um um uh I mean so so okay. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states you know okay so so like so so you know uh well getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing okay so well so I mean um um okay I mean so home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had okay I mean I mean well um I mean like um like well visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast um I mean so uh I mean like uh um so uh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things like well so you know okay you know like I mean I mean so. You know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about like so well you know um okay okay like uh so some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk so well okay like you know so like so like I mean about the system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why well um you know uh I mean okay so I mean like I mean you have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to like so okay so okay like I mean well well okay get into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down like uh well uh well you know I mean you know you know like this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, okay well um so so uh well well okay well but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We okay um you know so well you know so well I mean you know gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club well so I mean okay I mean um so okay well um with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is I mean so like I mean like um okay I mean I mean um actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, like okay so well you know you know okay um okay okay yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in you know like you know so um so uh you know you know so our acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself you know well you know uh uh like okay so well well. I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying like okay you know I mean um like you know uh uh um I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from so um well so like so okay um like so I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport okay uh I mean you know like um you know so uh like with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he like well I mean okay like okay I mean well okay I mean passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He you know like uh you know you know okay like you know uh you know was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He so you know I mean so you know like you know well okay well encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami okay well um well you know okay so uh I mean you know. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to uh uh like uh so um okay you know okay I mean all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at you know uh you know I mean uh okay you know I mean okay um his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard okay I mean like um so I mean I mean well you know um the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome okay uh I mean I mean I mean so okay okay so I mean to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the top um okay okay you know I mean okay okay well like I mean in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and welcome so uh so you know you know so you know so well like to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your host I mean I mean I mean you know I mean like I mean uh okay um Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting the last like well like so I mean you know so like so I mean couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was like I mean so you know um well well um okay um been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor okay I mean so uh uh I mean well so well you know Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas like like you know I mean you know um so well I mean you know in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor well so well I mean so you know like well um like Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that so well well uh so uh uh okay uh okay I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some so I mean well um uh I mean um uh um like topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, you know well I mean okay I mean like uh well uh like but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just um well I mean well so so I mean so uh uh to name a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and well I mean well well well um I mean well okay uh much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty. It's uh I mean okay like you know like I mean uh you know okay not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business like you know okay well like uh so so well well and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your you know I mean I mean I mean like so you know like so so business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to like I mean um okay okay uh um uh you know uh share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa uh I mean you know um well um I mean well I mean you know teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she you know well um so well um like like uh like works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera you know okay uh uh like you know so okay uh so. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's um uh like uh you know okay well I mean you know like a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys you know uh like okay uh um okay so well um. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this you know um uh like well I mean you know um you know um episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of I mean okay I mean you know like well you know okay well um this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started you know you know so so I mean so um um okay um this podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking like like I mean okay so uh uh I mean well um about random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But you know like uh so uh I mean um okay okay so then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure so uh like uh like so um I mean I mean well out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice I mean um um you know okay um so okay well well a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about like well okay like so um uh um um okay mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young like you know um okay like I mean well uh you know well adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically uh um I mean so um okay uh uh so uh growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically so I mean I mean well um like like uh uh you know growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically well so uh I mean I mean um I mean uh you know you know having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper decker uh well you know I mean uh I mean okay well uh you know podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett like uh uh so uh I mean like you know well I mean and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a little bit of um like you know well uh um like so um well news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL East and at so well okay so you know I mean um okay well well least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real big news that so like well uh so okay well you know so well I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let me lay him you know well you know okay I mean like you know you know I mean okay down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the floor and he's okay so you know uh so um like so so you know giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do this like like you know I mean like so you know I mean like well because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to um uh so you know you know I mean like okay uh well talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions so uh well so well you know like you know I mean so that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what um well you know like you know like you know well so uh to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make um well okay I mean well like um well like so sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started a new segment well you know well okay so so okay well um um. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer a you know uh um okay you know you know okay I mean so okay random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the so uh you know um so um so um like I mean blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you um you know like um like you know um you know like uh my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic okay so so uh I mean I mean I mean okay like like of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is I mean like well I mean well uh you know uh so uh something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you're not so I mean I mean okay okay I mean like okay I mean you know going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel like uh like I mean I mean you know I mean well uh so well things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to feel okay like like um um you know I mean well I mean I mean like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great like I mean um so uh um um okay well well and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days it's I mean okay well I mean okay like uh um I mean so going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, uh well you know well like um well uh I mean uh especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling you what uh so so like um like okay like um well a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want to build uh you know you know uh so um uh you know okay uh or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've so so okay like like like uh so I mean you know got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is like okay uh I mean well like like so uh okay just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described uh I mean okay so you know okay like well you know um in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And you know um so um so I mean like so okay okay this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that we uh uh I mean you know well like you know you know I mean so have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal uh uh you know I mean well um so so you know like of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or well okay you know so um uh like you know okay I mean she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea like like um well I mean I mean you know you know so like of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have well like so well well uh so I mean like um had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of well okay uh um I mean I mean you know uh okay uh the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that you know you know I mean well okay you know you know well like you know brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife uh okay you know like well you know so you know uh um to a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess well so so um uh like so like okay uh Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with all so uh um so like so well you know you know you know those a names do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of so you know like well so so uh okay okay like Science degree in criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading uh I mean okay you know okay well uh you know like like walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her okay you know well uh so you know um well okay I mean family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in okay okay like you know okay uh uh uh uh okay San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm so uh I mean um I mean um uh I mean uh well here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? you know so so well well you know you know uh like so How are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in um like so like well so um um okay um your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? I mean you know you know I mean well you know um like um um Your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so uh like like you know like um well I mean so um I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine so like so okay um I mean you know like okay um the medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough like well uh you know uh uh uh like you know so choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of well okay well like like you know so um uh okay payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really like okay well um well okay so so uh okay a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, like so you know um so okay okay okay well okay how can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends I mean you know okay um so well I mean like like um from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us um okay I mean so um okay well well so okay today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from uh I mean I mean um well I mean well I mean uh so San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to okay you know um like well um um um like you know share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true you know like so uh um um okay like you know okay too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true I mean so I mean well uh so you know okay okay so too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our okay okay I mean um um like you know well like um story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do uh you know you know well like well um well okay well we express this? How do we what do we think of what we title this? And uh you know like I mean like um like so you know like so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like okay I mean so okay well okay like okay so okay to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM uh so um I mean well well uh uh I mean so to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not so well uh uh okay so so uh so okay know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known so um you know so okay well I mean uh okay okay it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is uh you know you know uh like well like so okay well download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post um so so like well okay I mean I mean I mean uh and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in I mean um you know um I mean uh I mean uh well um all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not well I mean I mean so so okay well like okay so need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need you know you know I mean you know I mean you know I mean well okay like to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some you know you know um uh like okay um like I mean so come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or I mean so uh um you know okay you know so I mean well simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram you know like uh I mean well um uh I mean well okay everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my so you know well uh I mean like you know so so so uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope um um I mean you know well um okay I mean you know um you enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it so um so like I mean so you know you know I mean um on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's you know I mean I mean I mean like um uh uh you know you know Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I I mean well okay I mean okay okay I mean like you know you know would love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you so I mean uh uh you know well I mean uh you know so think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with okay you know well you know um um okay um so so the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of okay okay you know I mean so um so like you know you know the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the um um well like well um like okay um uh guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management um I mean well um so you know you know um okay you know and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict on but no uh so you know so I mean I mean well okay um well by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell and Emma lingua you know okay you know so like so like okay you know I mean Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners you know well uh um you know well um um uh so running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a you know like well uh like um well so uh well few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my so uh uh okay like um so um so okay travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations okay like well okay you know like well okay so so. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for I mean you know I mean so uh like okay you know so I mean joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start so okay uh okay well okay like you know you know well with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What I mean so like so you know you know okay um um well you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire I mean okay okay um well so I mean okay I mean you know life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and you know so well I mean um so you know you know you know okay we have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my like uh well like like um like um um okay best buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so you know okay well well I mean um so so uh you know we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event you know I mean you know I mean uh um well like um uh coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear uh uh like like okay uh like I mean okay well Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole well okay um well uh so okay okay um okay weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy so uh well well well okay well okay like well Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from so uh well okay like I mean um well you know okay way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out well well uh um so okay I mean um okay uh who it is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack okay you know okay well well um I mean well um so. So what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid so like um okay like I mean so so well uh yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has so I mean so uh I mean okay well I mean um you know been a hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get uh you know uh okay um okay uh like you know so to check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked I mean well so uh like I mean uh like okay you know randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and I well I mean I mean um well so um um I mean okay but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always um like um okay um um uh um uh well amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills well um uh uh I mean I mean well I mean uh well. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've so um I mean uh uh I mean you know you know so um already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a you know so so uh um I mean you know well you know um lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the I mean okay I mean uh uh um I mean well you know well same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now well so um so I mean well well uh like you know. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening um I mean you know uh you know like I mean um I mean I mean back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad you know okay um well well well um I mean um I mean right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I okay like well well um well you know uh so well saw you live say I did not that bad. But what I'm I mean uh you know uh like okay okay uh um you know doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino so like uh so so okay so you know uh well. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You like so okay I mean like like um okay well I mean were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together so I mean okay well you know okay uh like well okay on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your um you know okay uh like well uh so so um own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that um well well um well okay I mean you know I mean like you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast uh you know so uh well um um you know um well is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the like well like I mean so you know well well I mean I mean greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as well so so like I mean like uh I mean so okay the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of creating okay you know well like you know well I mean well well like the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want I mean like um okay like um like okay okay you know those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge you know uh like you know uh uh uh okay well uh is for you to come with us in other words because we're not like well well like well you know well um I mean you know going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices um okay um so okay well um um um okay of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes okay so um uh well uh I mean uh um so discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise like you know so I mean uh um um so um I mean Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was you know I mean you know um you know so uh you know well you know searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her like um you know like I mean okay like you know um okay phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking well so um I mean well uh okay okay I mean well what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well well I mean uh okay I mean I mean okay so you know I mean. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, I mean like you know okay uh well um okay so so they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to I mean like like so um you know um okay so you know Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought uh well um well you know you know um you know okay uh that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the Love is I mean um okay um you know like so like you know um Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here. Here. We well like uh okay well well I mean well um so are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi guys well so you know uh um I mean so okay so you know. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with I mean like okay uh I mean I mean like uh you know um blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya well so well okay okay I mean you know I mean so like betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good I mean like you know so like well you know I mean uh so to have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing I mean so uh you know like you know like okay I mean um Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and you know uh so well like uh you know you know okay um is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any like so okay like like okay well you know okay uh reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual well you know um okay um I mean like okay you know so in nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting okay like okay like I mean um okay okay I mean uh is based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute uh like okay you know well like you know um you know so an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees so I mean uh uh uh well like um like okay. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my you know well uh you know uh uh uh like uh um name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show I mean like okay uh so so well I mean so you know. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine you know so you know uh you know well like like okay um start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside okay like uh uh you know like you know I mean so like in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about like you know uh uh well so you know um I mean like heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have you know um so so um um so um well so helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have like you know um you know like uh okay you know I mean so told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the you know you know uh I mean okay you know so you know um well United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot uh okay I mean I mean uh uh like like so so 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some okay you know uh well um okay um okay you know well of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street you know uh uh uh like so like you know uh I mean Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the Streets of okay I mean like um you know like uh so um um London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It I mean so well like you know you know okay you know you know you know was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts um well well okay well um um okay like well of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with well like uh I mean well um like like I mean well a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life through the like like um um uh you know like like so you know lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin Kensrue and like so uh you know like well well so you know uh my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and Divergent you know uh you know like um okay I mean so uh like backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives. And okay okay well like I mean um well okay so so there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did to do uh I mean I mean I mean you know you know well okay like I mean to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 years well like um like like well like uh uh um ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about exactly you know um well well um well uh you know so you know the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you I mean I mean I mean you know like uh um like like I mean from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh well uh like you know so um well okay so well watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs I mean okay okay like well um I mean well well like. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls well well you know okay um well uh uh I mean you know and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated okay like so so well okay you know like uh you know. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or well like well like I mean I mean you know um okay well how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix I mean uh okay um uh so uh like you know okay. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been um um well like so okay I mean well you know um divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's well so you know I mean I mean so uh okay so well book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The Antichrist like well well like I mean well you know um um so is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, please okay I mean like like uh I mean you know um well so enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long um so uh like okay like so um um so and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether I mean well um I mean uh so you know uh uh uh it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go okay okay you know uh you know uh like like okay you know beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup I mean so I mean you know I mean so like so like I mean of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do like uh well you know so like I mean um okay like just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe okay okay okay you know like I mean okay like okay uh just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no you know you know okay so okay uh I mean um well so Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your well um okay like you know like you know I mean so well day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining like okay okay I mean uh you know um okay so uh me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this uh you know um uh um um uh um well uh one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm um so uh okay uh okay well um you know okay just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of uh uh um I mean uh you know I mean so well um it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally I mean like like so okay well so um okay uh. I don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% like you know I mean okay okay um you know well um uh but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before well well so you know like um uh uh okay well I went back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of I mean like I mean uh so I mean well so you know okay Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions um I mean okay um um uh like um okay you know have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these so I mean okay so well I mean so well you know well episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We I mean like well okay so okay uh I mean well um tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy you know um well okay like well I mean okay okay you know theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past like um um you know so I mean I mean uh um um a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute well like you know um so well like like uh okay Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her so well okay uh so okay I mean so okay you know tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome I mean you know like uh uh so okay okay so uh my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki like like I mean well well uh like uh um like baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self so I mean okay so okay like so okay um so. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there I mean so I mean okay uh I mean uh like so so to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in um like like I mean so like so um well well the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really excited like like so I mean I mean okay so I mean you know you know to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She well okay well I mean like um I mean I mean I mean I mean believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock like like well so I mean well I mean I mean um okay themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands um I mean um um okay um um you know okay like in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on I mean um like I mean you know you know I mean um I mean I mean reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter I mean like well I mean okay um okay okay uh uh of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? so okay okay well so so so uh uh like Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain uh well like well like you know like like I mean so at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out I mean so um well uh okay well uh like well if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported so I mean uh so I mean well well okay you know I mean that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew okay like so um you know well uh like I mean okay Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated I mean so well so so well uh well uh okay that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead well um you know well um okay okay like okay okay because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this um like I mean well okay uh you know like I mean well straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the uh I mean so you know uh well like okay I mean um Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any well uh uh so you know okay okay okay uh well other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now like you know well like so well okay you know like uh I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts like uh uh I mean like uh like so like um down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily so well you know I mean so okay uh so so uh. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive like I mean like um like I mean um okay I mean okay on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check so uh I mean well like okay you know well um um out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for the okay like uh well um uh so well um like word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister Ginger so uh so okay so so okay I mean well so labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She uh like okay so uh so um well you know uh works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she I mean uh um okay well uh like uh uh well serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on you know so um um um uh uh you know so um the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences so okay like like so you know you know okay okay I mean and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a like uh I mean um um okay you know like well you know CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some well like well so well you know um you know well uh prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre okay like like so um I mean um you know uh so. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to so um well like uh well okay you know okay like Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada um uh like like I mean I mean well you know well you know Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast you know I mean uh like uh um you know um um um seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going okay I mean so um okay so well uh uh I mean to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the okay so so well like so so I mean so so pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and I mean okay uh like so you know you know like I mean well Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is like I mean okay uh well okay so so you know so a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about um uh uh okay um um I mean um um like creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions uh I mean okay I mean okay um you know I mean uh I mean again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send like well like like so okay like okay um you know those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that uh you know uh so well uh okay okay so um Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing so you know I mean I mean so you know well like so uh doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't uh um like um I mean okay like well I mean like been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne I mean I mean like um you know uh you know you know I mean well and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast okay like you know I mean I mean I mean so I mean I mean you know. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record like uh so you know well you know I mean uh okay uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your um like um um I mean okay so you know okay you know podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many um I mean uh you know so you know okay I mean okay well more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you know okay you know you know you know so uh um well I mean you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or so like you know so well you know okay I mean you know you know go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a you know um okay I mean I mean uh you know okay so okay woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, uh I mean so like I mean so well well you know well a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast you know uh I mean so you know like so okay okay so will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 well so like uh well uh so well like um a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you I mean um okay you know well okay um I mean you know okay outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart okay like well um I mean like so like so so and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th um you know so okay so so uh I mean like um 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in okay okay well well you know you know uh well okay you know Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride okay um so so okay you know I mean you know I mean you know late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings um uh um you know um like um so you know you know now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night you know uh so well so like so uh well so talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending with other okay well so I mean um okay so you know okay I mean work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring I mean so I mean like well uh okay you know you know well and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other okay so so well okay I mean well well like so day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop a like um um well you know I mean okay okay well uh super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they always write like like well I mean like like um um I mean well a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like I mean okay well um so uh um so uh um the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're um I mean I mean well okay um I mean um um um saying. So I have a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't um um so okay so okay so like so um go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a you know okay um okay like well so I mean like uh little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things uh you know uh well so uh so I mean I mean you know about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast um um okay you know um um I mean um like uh. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well I mean I mean so I mean so okay I mean you know I mean podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the I mean um so um well like you know like well like free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check well I mean um uh like okay uh uh you know um it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to you know like okay so okay okay you know I mean um so sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's you know you know like I mean um you know you know um um okay to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have uh you know uh you know I mean okay I mean well so well to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our so you know you know okay like uh well uh um you know website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you know I mean like well you know like uh so well I mean you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member um uh I mean you know um so uh I mean um uh. Can I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to you know I mean um okay um well I mean um okay like 27? Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 like I mean well you know you know uh you know you know you know uh above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like uh so you know I mean uh you know you know um um um don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? okay okay you know um so uh like like um um Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know like um well um um uh so well okay like who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, so so well I mean so um so well like so so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray um okay you know well um um uh um I mean like the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about like okay like you know so well well like um so the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for um I mean uh I mean you know like so okay I mean so alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any uh well like well okay I mean um okay okay uh other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before we you know I mean you know you know well okay okay uh I mean so jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you know well like like so you know so you know so um you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because like so so well okay um uh I mean uh uh everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you so okay I mean uh okay well okay uh so you know here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and I mean okay uh so so okay you know so okay you know kind of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I uh okay um um well um um you know I mean uh don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with so well well like uh okay okay uh um so a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider okay well well okay uh uh uh okay um okay myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a I mean uh um well you know I mean um um you know you know polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory so you know so okay like okay you know um so um is the ability to love more than one person at a time and okay so okay I mean like okay you know uh okay okay not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you okay so you know so like um uh uh you know you know want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that you know uh okay so well um I mean like uh you know Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the like you know okay I mean um I mean like uh okay you know description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was like well I mean like okay I mean so like okay so certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because well I mean uh you know I mean uh like like you know well Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight like uh like so I mean well so okay well so. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so you know so I mean okay like um I mean you know like okay she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie okay so um you know so you know you know so okay well would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other I mean I mean well like you know okay I mean I mean you know I mean explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments um okay I mean so like like so uh I mean I mean below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're like okay um um I mean so um you know you know you know new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check you know you know so like um well so uh uh uh that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show um you know well I mean uh so uh uh so okay live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like uh well uh I mean I mean so you know so well well I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real like um like okay um okay so well so you know real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a like uh okay so okay like um I mean well like lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the well like um I mean like you know uh um okay I mean one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and home uh uh I mean so well um you know so um so pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll you know I mean like uh okay like okay like okay like play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music so much to the you know okay you know uh uh uh like so I mean I mean point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until he does the reason you know okay well uh uh okay like uh so well why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of in like a okay so okay I mean um I mean like I mean I mean um are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going to record this podcast like so okay like like so um so like okay um what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm uh um like okay um uh okay well like I mean a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open uh well uh okay you know I mean I mean okay um like. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in like um like so you know so okay you know you know so because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we have I mean you know so like okay I mean you know okay um okay a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello you know I mean you know like uh you know okay uh okay you know. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of like well you know uh uh I mean uh okay you know well ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer you know well okay okay you know so uh you know so I mean he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer well well um uh I mean um well I mean well so baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start uh um so so so I mean um you know you know okay off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury like uh um so you know you know so uh I mean um from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this so so okay so okay um like okay uh okay one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and uh um so okay uh so well like uh you know I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just like I mean you know you know you know well I mean uh I mean you know keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat well so well like okay you know okay you know I mean you know with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna I mean well so uh so well um so um so. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell I mean uh like uh uh um okay like so well me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna well um well uh like uh um uh you know I mean. I'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so um like like well so uh uh I mean okay um much Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a uh I mean okay uh I mean so um uh so so delight for me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together okay um uh um like like okay like uh like and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd uh like uh so um like well well uh you know be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading I mean I mean uh okay you know like well okay well I mean faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony like uh well I mean so okay well um uh uh Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it well uh um well so you know I mean um okay uh or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know well you know um you know I mean uh um so uh well if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that um um I mean uh uh um um uh uh okay in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality like like so okay okay you know like like uh uh with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting well I mean I mean uh like well uh you know okay well to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics uh well um I mean uh well like uh like uh aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating so okay uh so I mean I mean so uh so I mean some of the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and uh well I mean uh okay okay you know okay um well new discoveries. In other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives well you know like well well you know uh well uh I mean and Views. I hope you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up okay I mean uh you know um you know so okay uh okay about what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive um I mean well okay so so you know well like I mean energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't so like so I mean um like uh um you know so have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If okay okay um well I mean like like uh so you know you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close okay like okay um okay um I mean well you know uh up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to um uh so so um I mean well okay well okay revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results uh uh okay um I mean I mean um like like okay ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you okay um well uh so uh uh I mean well um from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky like okay you know so uh well um uh so okay GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings so like so I mean well um uh you know you know okay. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings okay um I mean you know like uh like you know so you know and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment I mean well like like like okay so like well well or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just okay so so I mean um well okay okay so like going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some um um well well like you know you know well like so deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will like so I mean well you know well I mean well okay I mean really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this you know so like so um uh okay well uh okay episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may okay um okay um uh I mean I mean so um you know find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly um well like okay uh I mean um I mean well like was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to uh okay I mean uh uh like I mean well so I mean this cramped office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy uh like okay uh uh well I mean I mean so like Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He so well like so I mean uh uh like um you know said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff uh um um okay okay well uh you know like uh was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just well well uh um um um well I mean I mean I mean what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is I mean well uh like you know uh so okay I mean well the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what like like well uh well like uh so I mean um you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be uh so okay you know like like okay um um I mean more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 okay um like well okay you know well um I mean um of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic uh like I mean I mean like you know I mean well like well at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel um um I mean like I mean I mean like okay like like. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's well so so I mean I mean um like um okay so begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's I mean you know so well okay um um I mean well you know called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological you know um uh um like uh I mean well so so virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our like so okay uh so well like well um well happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own so like um I mean um you know um I mean well so strength, but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we okay uh so well okay um uh I mean like um strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but um so okay well I mean okay like you know uh like not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first okay you know I mean so um um you know well um you know and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't okay like well okay I mean so you know um uh so heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me go so so um like like like I mean like um okay ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do there's uh so you know like um um okay okay um I mean creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know well so well um so I mean um okay well your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will okay okay okay um well like I mean you know like uh distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And okay uh okay so uh uh you know you know okay okay so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no well you know okay um um um okay uh so I mean minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this you know you know like okay okay okay I mean like okay um is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed um um uh like you know um um so okay uh this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God um you know so okay uh um so I mean um you know through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go so uh you know okay I mean I mean uh um uh like with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is so okay okay well okay you know you know okay like like it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second like so I mean um uh I mean well so so I mean chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday well I mean okay I mean you know so uh um uh um. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this uh uh you know well well well I mean uh so you know word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience like like uh uh like I mean so well you know uh. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really you know like I mean well okay so you know well um well really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the um you know like okay um like uh so I mean so first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord uh like uh you know well I mean uh um you know um you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month uh I mean well um I mean um well I mean like well and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are well uh well I mean you know I mean um well so um able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last so like like so I mean uh okay I mean like well month and you can make a difference and I want you to see that um like so um I mean okay you know I mean well um as something Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful I mean so you know um um uh you know so okay you know for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in so well uh well well well well you know okay um life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for you know uh so um okay you know you know um so uh to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I um uh um okay um well you know like okay uh am. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which uh um you know so I mean well um so um okay you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this like okay okay um so you know like uh so so week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah okay you know well well well you know um well okay okay for the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and uh you know so you know so you know okay you know um you know say, you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first so like okay well well you know okay like well um of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles like so well like so um you know well okay well Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The so I mean like I mean like um so so I mean well summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer well you know so okay uh okay you know um well so knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true like like um well like I mean you know well I mean I mean crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the so okay like well I mean well um uh uh I mean headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way um uh so like uh you know uh so okay so to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're so uh um um you know so uh um well well looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My um like I mean I mean um uh you know like like like name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I like so so uh well uh so like uh um wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I so like like okay I mean like you know I mean like I mean am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those like I mean like you know so uh okay okay so like things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you uh I mean I mean well you know well like like so I mean get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some well okay okay well you know uh like uh uh okay of the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before okay so okay you know so I mean okay like okay so starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine I mean I mean okay like well so I mean okay well like seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus well so you know um I mean um like like well um expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in I mean um I mean like um uh I mean so you know so the Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski well I mean um I mean so um like um um okay L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will um like I mean like I mean well you know like so well learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with well okay okay you know um you know okay uh okay you know less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast uh like um like you know okay well you know like okay. I'm your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby I mean well so like I mean you know uh uh um you know Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom I mean um um um okay like you know so um like comes with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know so um um uh uh so I mean I mean okay like who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and um you know uh um like well like I mean um well I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin like like so uh um you know uh like like like in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called you know okay okay okay well like well I mean you know you know a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating uh like okay like I mean I mean I mean uh well um truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind okay like well you know um like I mean okay um you know each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no okay um like okay you know well I mean so uh like other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and uh you know so you know like okay okay I mean okay well only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor well you know um um um well uh so you know you know and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a like um well um well I mean well you know okay um specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce okay I mean like so uh okay uh I mean I mean so to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea well you know you know you know well um you know um um you know that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it so you know uh uh uh so so well I mean uh a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we uh so well so you know so so like um I mean are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of okay so um okay you know well okay so uh um just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start so you know I mean well well well you know okay um like this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and kind uh like uh um uh so you know I mean okay so of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction um okay okay you know uh so uh so um I mean to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so without uh like okay um so I mean uh um um um further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew you know you know you know you know I mean I mean well so uh you know colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest well uh okay so um I mean well okay I mean so one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson um you know uh uh like I mean um you know so like is in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing uh I mean so well well so you know I mean okay you know tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the like like so well okay uh like so so I mean good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of uh I mean okay I mean you know you know like I mean so you know a gripe about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get so I mean like um so you know you know I mean um um right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections going well uh uh like uh so I mean like I mean uh today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action okay so okay uh well uh so uh you know um in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy I mean okay like so okay um so well like okay feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at um uh um you know like okay I mean you know like like 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed you know well you know um well well I mean okay so okay and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one um I mean so okay like um okay well okay so for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by I mean I mean okay well uh you know okay well like um Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 you know you know uh well well you know so you know like you know and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked so uh um well like so okay like so well into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, like uh you know okay uh okay well uh um you know but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV um um well okay like um so like like uh talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize like like you know I mean uh I mean okay I mean I mean so. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the I mean okay so I mean so um okay you know well you know after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an like so I mean I mean okay well like okay so well episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have uh so well so okay like like okay you know well a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first like like I mean um like well I mean like I mean well podcast of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words um well so well okay well so like I mean so Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't like um I mean well like uh uh like okay so know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was like um um well well okay uh I mean well well just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the like okay uh okay um uh um well well you know trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past you know uh okay uh like well I mean okay you know you know. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record okay um well like um um like you know you know okay that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just uh so okay like like you know uh you know okay well can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me you know you know I mean okay so so like you know you know okay give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if um um um uh so um um okay um uh you're wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because well I mean you know uh like I mean so um I mean uh I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any like like like well well I mean so okay you know well group of people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs okay I mean you know okay okay um uh so um um the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 you know okay um uh okay um um okay like well year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little like so like you know like well uh you know uh well Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You um you know I mean well so like well I mean I mean I mean gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told well like well you know so so um so like uh the devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is so okay um uh so you know uh uh um you know the head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free um okay you know okay okay okay um so um like from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy I mean um uh um well I mean so uh okay well cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch so uh so like so uh like okay uh like me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with I mean like um well okay so like um okay you know the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God okay like um okay you know I mean so well uh um that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is well so uh you know uh you know okay you know like okay in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put you know like um um like well so well so okay up the old and put on the new I have been given and it's okay like I mean like um okay um you know like uh been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all my uh like so like well I mean like you know okay I mean needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying uh I mean I mean like you know um uh you know I mean so all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will okay like so um like uh you know you know well okay not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long well you know um uh uh well well um um well discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To well so um you know okay I mean um I mean you know like be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through like like okay you know like okay like I mean so I mean all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good um okay uh you know well um um I mean you know okay. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar uh well you know like you know uh I mean you know okay okay Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm like so like like okay well well well well uh doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to tell uh okay okay so well well I mean I mean um I mean everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius um so so like uh uh okay well okay uh. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the um okay you know well okay well like well um you know trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today I mean you know okay you know you know um like like so well and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the okay so uh like well you know I mean okay um you know 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were so like well well so you know so like I mean well considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of um okay okay um okay okay well uh so I mean the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This you know um okay well I mean um I mean well you know well podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do okay uh you know okay um I mean okay I mean so well a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I um like well like well okay you know like well you know interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to so uh like um I mean like so um like well answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the uh okay uh like well so okay I mean um well podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question so I mean so okay so okay well I mean like like by leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your so uh I mean well well I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean question a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more well you know um like so I mean um I mean so okay you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product like well like like okay um uh like I mean um usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit like well well well okay so like so okay like takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod I mean uh well like you know you know like uh okay I mean. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower uh well um you know okay you know okay um I mean so than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have like I mean so you know okay so so I mean you know so YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their uh I mean um well you know um you know um well like competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster you know like so uh I mean um like like so you know blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a okay like you know I mean you know I mean uh um well okay good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels okay well okay uh like um you know I mean well uh like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything okay well you know well okay you know okay you know um you know is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way like so um you know well so uh you know I mean well more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from you know uh you know like I mean uh um you know I mean uh Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you can well like okay you know uh like I mean you know uh you know be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is brought so you know okay I mean like well okay you know like you know to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure okay I mean so um you know well um uh so well out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they I mean you know like uh like well well okay um okay give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use I mean um um so okay um uh so I mean uh it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like uh uh um so uh okay like well you know so about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so uh so I mean you know like I mean so um like podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they have uh you know uh like like well you know um uh well some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So okay well like I mean like so um so you know like if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against um uh well so uh well well like okay you know children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The like okay um okay I mean you know you know um uh so Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's so um uh you know um well um you know so well episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give okay like I mean well I mean okay well okay uh so you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped okay like so you know so so you know okay so okay upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests okay you know um um you know you know okay um okay I mean dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before today's boring okay so okay so well you know uh well you know you know studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy you know like so um well okay like you know uh so on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you know like okay uh I mean so I mean I mean uh well you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was like so you know so well uh I mean um well okay much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try you know uh well I mean um uh um okay well you know to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are um so like uh like I mean uh I mean you know I mean you I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you uh uh I mean uh so I mean I mean well um you know see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs I mean okay like well okay okay so well okay um. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not you know um like you know so I mean I mean like okay I mean as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the well uh so uh um so you know like I mean like same thing, but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday I mean well you know I mean I mean okay like you know you know so. So fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now so so um I mean so uh um you know um um if you don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our I'm well so okay like I mean okay well uh um okay my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a so um like like you know um uh I mean you know you know special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's your um um so like I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm just I'm okay okay you know uh uh um um well uh well just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at work. Now like um uh so well you know um like you know like. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy okay you know uh you know like okay I mean uh uh uh future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star I mean so you know like you know well okay you know I mean so. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome so uh uh okay um so okay okay so um to today and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's um so so well okay like okay I mean you know okay crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today you know well uh so I mean like um so okay okay. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found like uh uh like you know I mean so uh so I mean guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what a you know you know you know uh well I mean you know like like okay time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you don't follow um like um like so so like well like uh the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning of um so so you know uh okay well okay well so the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter is uh well okay so uh so um like so well almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this in my journal um uh okay uh uh okay uh well like okay winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown um well like like okay uh uh so like I mean and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's uh so well so like well I mean I mean well well the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of um like I mean like like like I mean I mean well you know South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some uh so okay so so uh you know like so so of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I I mean uh like you know uh you know you know well uh well guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host so you know like I mean I mean well well well you know uh Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to go um I mean well uh I mean well I mean you know uh uh over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 season uh well okay I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives okay um okay uh you know okay so you know okay um. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little so like I mean I mean I mean uh um well um I mean bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make uh uh okay you know well you know you know you know uh well a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to I mean you know um well okay um I mean well so well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute so so like so um uh like well uh so your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple you know okay like okay okay you know okay uh well uh podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership um um I mean I mean you know like well uh like okay. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up well you know you know um okay okay well you know you know uh or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or like uh like like uh you know uh like um like of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of the um so uh you know like um I mean you know well um United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome so you know I mean okay like you know um you know like um to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision okay uh you know so I mean okay okay uh uh like not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back I mean okay okay well uh um okay so like uh to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard I mean uh okay uh um you know like like well I mean Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution I mean I mean so I mean uh um well you know uh I mean is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed um uh I mean um uh uh you know um like uh Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the well um okay well okay so um you know okay well town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured well um so uh okay like so uh like well by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort to well like so so um okay well like uh okay combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the okay I mean like I mean like um like okay I mean so Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service um okay uh well like uh okay okay like like had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and well so I mean uh like um um so well uh understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control well so like okay well you know you know okay um uh but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect I mean okay you know well so okay you know uh um uh those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the I mean like like you know well so so so like like guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the well um um like um okay uh you know um I mean management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on okay you know um you know so um okay I mean okay okay but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma like so uh I mean like I mean well like well you know. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to say um you know okay okay so like I mean like like uh but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that mold uh like you know well I mean okay like okay um like from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified okay so so um like you know so uh I mean okay the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do all you know like uh um okay so uh okay so you know the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create you know uh um like I mean so like well like I mean and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you you know so um well okay um well um well okay waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus you know uh so so like um uh okay so okay after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets I mean so uh you know um uh um you know uh you know up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God like you know so okay you know well I mean okay okay you know to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be well like like okay you know um well well um you know with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes like like well you know okay I mean I mean you know so like to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and I mean so you know uh so um well like okay so Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to uh okay I mean like you know okay okay okay I mean so go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the well so um well well like uh um so um attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the well um you know uh okay um you know so you know like father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking about you know um well um so okay okay you know so so programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for the um okay uh um um so well uh like well session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term okay you know like uh uh you know you know you know I mean so. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated uh you know okay well okay so so okay um I mean buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining I mean um so so I mean so well you know um okay the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's um so like I mean um uh well um so well as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for like uh um okay you know I mean like uh well you know 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence you know like um uh so uh well uh I mean I mean American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? okay um you know well okay like I mean um you know okay Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on well like like okay I mean okay uh okay so I mean everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my well so uh okay like um so okay so well best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We so you know like I mean so you know like I mean I mean okay have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know you know like I mean um well you know so um uh like ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was well well well like like okay you know okay I mean you know fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate well I mean okay like so I mean okay well well so your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I I mean you know you know uh so okay like well okay so suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned well I mean uh I mean like um you know like okay uh in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an so you know you know um uh you know um like so so article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to okay well so I mean okay uh uh you know uh well say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not so okay like so um okay uh um okay well just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able um you know uh um I mean well so uh like you know to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history well okay I mean well um you know okay you know um you know of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean give um uh I mean well uh you know you know you know well uh me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on um uh okay I mean I mean okay okay well uh okay for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also you know um well okay so well well okay like you know a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig you know so like um so well like okay so so the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys like so okay okay uh um uh I mean you know um for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of uh you know okay so I mean uh well okay so so the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this um okay I mean like I mean um uh uh um I mean list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting like so uh okay okay okay like so okay um real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants um well so okay okay uh well well I mean uh AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls you know like like you know well um uh I mean okay like AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write well well you know like uh so well like well uh me if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last well okay uh okay like well okay like uh I mean week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra uh like so so um so so you know um I mean podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and um okay um uh okay um okay like like uh you Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them you know okay okay uh so I mean okay uh um you know very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down um well well okay okay well well I mean you know well the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, um so um so I mean like I mean well you know okay one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement well um you know like like uh you know like you know you know of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded I mean um I mean well like okay like uh uh like for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our well so okay I mean I mean well okay okay well so March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 you know you know um so uh okay like um well I mean Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy I mean so like okay like okay so okay uh okay in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed so okay you know well I mean uh you know okay so like on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division two, like I mean um um like I mean okay I mean um like its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division stuff like um I mean well so okay okay um so um such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and okay I mean you know um well you know like okay um so I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of so like well like okay so okay okay um uh the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over I mean um okay uh like okay um like like well the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this you know uh um like so like I mean like okay you know word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and well uh okay uh well I mean okay like uh um is related to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and well like uh like you know you know like you know okay well have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as uh okay well okay okay uh so well so okay in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone like so you know well um okay you know you know uh I mean who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used so I mean I mean I mean um um well um um um bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism well well so I mean well so so I mean uh okay in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to get into uh I mean okay I mean okay so um uh you know I mean this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names like you know uh well so I mean you know I mean um um and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My well I mean so uh I mean well okay well so well name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon I mean you know well well so okay I mean I mean uh so from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing so okay you know uh um okay okay well okay like at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun uh um uh you know okay I mean uh uh well well. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 um like uh like you know so you know so well like 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at uh uh well you know uh you know like so uh I mean a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original so like okay you know you know okay you know okay like like peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders like like well uh like so um so well I mean by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back um so so I mean so okay okay I mean okay I mean from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, okay like like you know I mean okay um so uh I mean but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket you know you know um like so uh okay like so uh. As always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or okay I mean like um um I mean like you know well like prevent any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share so I mean well uh I mean okay okay you know well like personal experiences. Please seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to like uh you know okay um um like uh I mean well your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in so you know so well I mean uh you know like um uh 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of uh like well um well well so I mean okay okay tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome uh um okay well I mean so I mean well so so to the after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host well well okay okay uh uh I mean okay like um Alex Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host okay uh like okay like well uh you know you know so. We have Linda ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip um um you know you know uh so well so okay okay. Okay, Stacy has a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We like um um so so you know well okay so um just gone we're vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard uh um you know so like I mean so um like uh a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham so uh uh so so okay I mean uh um so with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're you know uh uh so I mean I mean uh well okay like here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have well I mean you know um like uh so okay uh uh this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very I mean okay okay like you know okay so so you know so fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me I mean I mean you know okay uh you know I mean well uh okay about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for you know so I mean I mean uh well I mean like uh okay us to speak about and so my question for you just to get um uh well uh I mean um well so well so right into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings okay okay okay well so well so so um uh is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let like okay so so um so um you know so uh you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We love uh um like so you know I mean I mean so um you know it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are creation tools so um like well so uh so you know you know well that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or you know well uh well okay uh okay you know like okay your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be you know so you know um so so okay um uh so heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money I mean you know well so I mean I mean okay okay like so from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a I mean like like so you know you know so okay like so podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood like I mean so okay I mean so like okay well you know and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover well well um um uh um okay well okay like episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered like um you know okay I mean well uh I mean um I mean here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to I mean okay uh so like um uh I mean I mean okay no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here I mean so I mean well you know like like well okay so to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I mean um well so well so uh so okay I mean I get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are you know uh uh like I mean you know uh so so so now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share so well like well well so like I mean like you know subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per you know um uh um so okay well like well uh episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to I mean you know well so you know um uh well like um hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance so um you know I mean you know um uh okay so I mean rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the okay so so you know I mean um well well um I mean end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It I mean I mean um so I mean uh uh like so you know just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you okay like okay uh uh so okay um well well will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant well well I mean okay um uh I mean like well okay to be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so I mean um so like I mean okay well like you know okay taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer you know I mean um uh uh you know well I mean okay like and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to uh um so I mean well well you know so so well be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World um like uh like like you know so so I mean um perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may I mean you know okay okay okay well uh I mean uh okay do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea so uh so okay uh okay um like um uh of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied you know so you know well so I mean you know I mean uh you know as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way okay so I mean well uh like well so like so. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation so like well well uh so um you know I mean uh. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a uh okay like um well okay you know you know like well comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay well um um um okay uh okay like you know um Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just so okay I mean you know so okay um okay like uh on the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been I mean well uh well well like so like well I mean in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small I mean uh uh uh well so I mean I mean uh so range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell. If okay I mean you know I mean you know well I mean so so okay there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels are um like so okay like like like well uh I mean too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is the movement of water like um like okay like you know uh okay so you know between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas. The body well well okay well um so like you know like you know can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the concentration you know well well um um I mean I mean okay um uh of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the you know so okay so I mean well uh like you know I mean bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the well you know well I mean I mean I mean you know um I mean so excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can uh you know um I mean okay uh um well I mean well be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose okay uh I mean you know like I mean well um okay so concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is uh okay okay okay uh uh I mean well well um actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin show I mean um well well like uh okay um uh um. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting you know um so like I mean okay so you know so okay out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people uh uh um um you know I mean so like you know like on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So so um well uh I mean you know like well so uh I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first well like so so like uh I mean like um um half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio like I mean well so um so okay uh you know you know was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow you know like so uh um um so okay you know you know cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter um okay so uh I mean okay well uh well well handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th like so uh um well I mean so well like so of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged I mean like so okay okay okay so like you know you know in the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with like you know like so I mean like so um so well a rate cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would um so uh okay like uh you know I mean okay well be starting a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations um okay well you know um um uh so I mean um and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks I mean uh well so well I mean you know well um okay quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 so like okay uh well well um um um so seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems uh uh okay so like uh okay you know well you know they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by like so uh okay well uh okay so like well 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast um okay I mean like like uh you know um I mean I mean in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret well you know you know um I mean you know you know I mean well you know today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew well you know uh you know okay like I mean well um you know Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the well like so you know so um so uh well like mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or um uh you know so uh well well uh like like comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I like so so uh you know uh I mean I mean like well guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came you know well um so like um well like so um on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity okay like okay uh okay um um I mean you know like case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do like well so you know I mean like uh well I mean uh not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this well like well uh uh so um I mean like okay podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American I mean um I mean um you know um you know well I mean you know humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your like you know okay um okay you know okay um I mean um host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor so you know um I mean okay okay you know so okay well here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over you know okay I mean um um uh well well uh um the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have I mean I mean so so um like well like well uh and they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got like um well uh um uh um um well so up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into okay uh like well I mean like I mean like you know you know halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, you know you know uh you know you know okay uh you know well so they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most so I mean I mean like um you know like okay um uh of the time they were up by like six or something like that but uh like I mean uh so well I mean uh well you know it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but well like I mean okay um uh so I mean you know you know a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much like you know okay um okay okay well like okay um as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject you know okay so well well so okay you know like I mean matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone um um you know I mean uh like like so so um discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something uh so um I mean well you know okay okay okay I mean about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to well um uh you know okay you know okay uh uh uh them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on a mission uh uh so okay okay like I mean so well well to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was I mean like so you know well you know so I mean um you know one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like okay you know like well okay okay um I mean uh um the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim uh like so uh uh I mean okay you know I mean you know at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with I mean you know I mean like so um like uh like I mean GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue well okay you know so you know you know like you know you know okay Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by um I mean okay uh so okay you know okay well well games industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT okay so you know um so okay you know I mean I mean you know LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How um I mean um you know well um I mean okay um you know you guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to you know uh like you know okay you know uh you know you know you know rush through this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we you know okay I mean so so like okay okay um so can sorry so start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First um you know um um so uh you know like uh uh of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm okay like like you know I mean you know um okay um um Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to um well I mean okay so well like I mean um so call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and I mean okay uh um so um I mean um like you know we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also you know so so um well uh well uh uh like of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're I mean well uh okay you know like okay um uh I mean going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I uh like okay um uh like uh you know so you know would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen okay I mean I mean uh so um well so okay well Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of their well so like like um like like I mean okay okay Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the abduction and so uh you know okay well okay so you know like you know forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs okay so so you know uh okay so uh uh uh on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name uh okay you know you know uh like I mean um like you know is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we uh so I mean um uh like I mean um okay uh run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets so well um okay like I mean well well uh like of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of um okay you know like you know uh um okay I mean so us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are uh so like like well uh so you know so like going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so um I mean okay um I mean well so uh so okay if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you I mean so like you know like you know well I mean I mean you know the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the like so uh so you know um like uh uh like first story? I will start with my first two because these are the these are the uh um so like so okay you know I mean so well ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three um um um like well um I mean um uh I mean days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys and um okay so so so you know um I mean like so this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through so well uh well um like uh um I mean uh infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is I mean so you know so so like well you know like you know Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost um I mean okay well um um like well I mean I mean every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a okay well I mean I mean uh uh okay so you know I mean friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your well um I mean um okay like so I mean you know well way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And you know okay uh uh like um uh well okay okay this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I well uh okay like like I mean you know I mean well um do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in uh uh okay so you know well well like you know okay a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if um okay like well okay so uh um okay so you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of so uh um okay you know so I mean so so so information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to I mean so I mean uh so I mean well okay well I mean put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but um you know I mean you know like um like so um um I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys I mean so so um you know like like I mean I mean like of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All like so so so you know like like well uh so right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori I mean okay uh well well you know I mean um like so mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager well you know um I mean well okay okay okay okay you know in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on well well well so like um you know like you know you know or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around well okay so okay okay well uh uh like okay good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing okay like okay um like okay you know so well I mean on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each so I mean uh so okay I mean um uh okay okay T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of I mean uh like I mean okay well okay like um you know a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers well uh um um okay okay uh I mean you know you know be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up okay okay uh um okay well so so like uh in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm okay um um I mean you know well like um so okay helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores well okay um okay so okay okay you know well uh was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher you know well okay I mean okay um uh like you know well. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt you know uh well uh so I mean um uh like I mean not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle okay um so okay well well um like okay uh nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the like you know like um okay you know I mean well uh well Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them I mean well I mean um you know uh um okay okay you know as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also you know uh well you know um well like okay you know I mean thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The um well um so so so you know okay well um external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be um um well I mean you know um okay well I mean uh esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where I mean I mean you know like like you know um okay okay okay the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story okay um um you know so okay so so I mean I mean lamb to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting um like well um well like like well you know uh conflict in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written I mean like okay okay like I mean okay I mean uh well by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990 okay um like you know uh like I mean well you know um. He is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG I mean so like well uh so like well you know um and Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, uh so I mean um so so I mean like you know well let's talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house so so um okay uh uh like uh I mean okay for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night you know you know you know you know okay so well well okay so for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that okay um well uh uh um okay uh I mean so you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the so so uh uh so well um so I mean um reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted uh um I mean so uh I mean like uh uh okay to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to thank I mean okay you know so well you know like like uh okay everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys like so um um I mean well well um you know uh that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions I mean uh uh like so uh okay uh well okay made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing you know so okay like so uh okay uh um well. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So I mean um um okay you know I mean you know um so like a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really like I mean like I mean so so well you know um okay sure but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi like you know okay you know so I mean uh so okay um everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch well you know so I mean you know okay well um um uh. Hey everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move you know so um okay um like I mean well you know like dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so uh like so well so uh you know uh um okay scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks uh okay you know you know um so like okay so uh enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been responsible like like well um I mean so I mean so like um for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a bit uh so um well uh uh so so you know you know silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once again um you know um uh I mean um I mean uh I mean like. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another episode season I mean well okay okay um uh uh uh you know I mean 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason uh like uh I mean like well um like so you know. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to um I mean um like like you know like like you know um give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have you know well um you know I mean like you know like I mean uh people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like Hey, um I mean uh uh well so I mean you know I mean um we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've you know okay so you know like like I mean um well so actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach like you know you know uh I mean like okay you know um um out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the um well okay okay you know um I mean okay I mean like first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email uh okay um you know so so okay I mean so I mean where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts uh I mean okay I mean so okay so so okay well so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you uh I mean um you know uh I mean well like um I mean about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way so okay so like well well okay so um okay to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you okay you know like so so you know like I mean well uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will okay so you know okay um you know like like well well distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast like okay okay you know so uh you know well okay so and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership um um so you know okay um uh so so so. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free so uh well uh I mean um uh well you know like anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a you know so I mean so you know um I mean I mean well I mean podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the so like um I mean uh like well so so so easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important okay you know I mean I mean you know um so um like well aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well so like so um uh I mean I mean so um I mean as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host so like okay I mean so like you know I mean okay okay the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using you know um you know like uh I mean uh you know like I mean different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me like uh I mean I mean I mean uh I mean um so I mean everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer I mean um you know um well okay I mean um uh uh tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity uh okay uh so I mean so like like you know uh to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own okay so um well you know I mean well well uh like podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting well okay you know um um well I mean so okay I mean topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin like I mean you know okay okay I mean I mean I mean I mean so eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway so well okay so I mean uh um like well uh. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where so like um uh so like so like okay so are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if you're listening you know so I mean uh I mean like I mean I mean uh well on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode uh you know so uh I mean I mean so okay I mean uh 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just you know you know I mean I mean okay uh well like okay so so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of well you know you know um so okay okay um uh you know you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and you know uh um I mean uh like um so um so today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You um okay so uh uh okay so so um like can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to okay okay so like um okay I mean I mean well so get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 well you know um like well um you know I mean you know well Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at uh so um like like so okay uh uh uh the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other like like I mean so well um you know well um like businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and well um well so uh you know um I mean um uh blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I well so uh I mean um well you know so okay okay want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I I mean I mean you know well you know you know okay uh you know okay hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way well I mean like so like um so like um I mean to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and um um well okay I mean you know I mean you know like well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for okay uh okay so you know so okay you know um so you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many um like you know I mean okay okay so well well well more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make well I mean I mean I mean so well I mean okay like uh a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM you know I mean um I mean you know um uh um well so to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers well um um so like um you know so I mean uh give them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind is okay I mean you know so um you know uh well like I mean my book The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I I mean you know I mean uh um you know you know uh um like rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your you know okay like well like well I mean okay so okay first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the uh well um so uh well so okay well you know lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was uh I mean okay okay I mean so um like okay I mean going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that um like um I mean so I mean you know so so so happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode okay you know I mean like you know okay so so well like. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk I mean uh okay like okay you know okay well like like about We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven so you know I mean I mean okay uh uh like you know well billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this like uh like uh you know okay I mean uh so I mean podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of so so well um like um well okay so um American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager you know okay well so um you know well okay well I mean to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and okay I mean um so well um um so okay well employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that you know well you know so like um okay so okay you know when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start okay you know I mean well uh I mean you know okay so okay running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I I mean you know uh well um um you know like um okay don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe um you know well you know uh um I mean you know I mean like that there is this life we can live that that's just a little I mean uh well um uh I mean uh you know I mean you know bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can so so okay um you know uh okay okay okay well live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about you know um like um like like so so like I mean this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be um so I mean um I mean uh I mean uh well well disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way um like like okay like uh so so so like of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its so okay um well okay uh like you know well like wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is well I mean like you know like okay so um like so based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and like okay um uh I mean well uh I mean like so youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow um I mean I mean you know you know okay you know well well like in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember um okay um okay um like so so okay like your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 so so like okay uh I mean like um um you know verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried you know uh well uh um okay you know um so uh and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses uh so uh well like well I mean uh so well and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died okay you know well okay uh so um uh I mean okay in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that you know uh um um well you know uh like um like our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's so you know um like I mean okay well well I mean um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's well like so you know I mean like uh so well okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know you know well you know um um I mean um like uh your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak like like like I mean so well you know uh you know um. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify you know like so okay you know uh uh so uh I mean Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum so uh like um well I mean um uh um so minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast well well well so I mean I mean uh like well well in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um okay you know well you know so um like you know well get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have you know I mean you know so uh uh so like well um a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye uh uh uh well okay like well so so okay content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent well uh um so so I mean you know you know uh okay five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the uh so uh well well like I mean I mean well so ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little so so well you know um you know like you know um okay bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi well okay well okay um well so uh like you know and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host okay okay so I mean uh you know uh um like well Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner well uh so um you know um I mean you know I mean okay as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done uh well you know you know so I mean um uh uh well that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I I mean I mean you know so okay so so uh okay well haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms um you know um I mean I mean okay uh okay okay well like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a like uh so okay like well okay okay well okay way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always well well well you know I mean you know so you know well uh writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their I mean you know well so you know I mean so you know okay okay taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why so okay so um you know like you know well like like didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school I mean so um I mean uh so like so uh um. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how you know okay so so well like well so I mean um to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up like um well I mean okay um well I mean I mean um in a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part okay I mean so so you know uh okay so well well about that is you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at um like so I mean so okay well so well you know the top of the paper. You were supposed to read them. You read those I mean so well like uh okay uh um okay okay directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in school you know uh you know you know you know like well you know I mean like that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and do simple math so I mean okay um like well I mean um you know uh doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means that you can't do simple okay okay uh uh like so uh so like um math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may uh you know okay okay I mean uh uh like uh like find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden like you know well so I mean well like like okay okay frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within okay like uh like like well like uh well uh and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in okay like um you know um I mean I mean okay like well labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby well okay okay okay so okay like you know um so whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 okay well okay like like um you know so I mean I mean pairs of eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She okay um um I mean you know uh so you know you know I mean couldn't provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's so well uh I mean okay you know um like like um number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I mean well I mean well so I mean so okay well so I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend uh so well you know so I mean like you know I mean well. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you you know I mean so uh um uh I mean uh okay I mean are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son uh you know well um okay I mean you know uh um um all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes um well like like well uh okay I mean uh so bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, so uh I mean well like um well like you know like you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs uh okay uh like um well uh you know you know well now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of I mean okay you know so okay well like so um uh you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to well so like so I mean well so well I mean like do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a thought want uh um like I mean like okay um I mean so you know to get out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning on fumes these days, uh so uh you know you know so um uh you know I mean but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message me on one okay uh okay like I mean well uh uh you know so of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They wanted to make so uh you know so you know um like well okay well they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into RN school and they uh um like uh so you know like I mean like so just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode well well okay well you know so I mean I mean you know uh 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do like so you know um so uh I mean okay well okay that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and um uh I mean um okay um I mean um okay like I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So well uh okay like um okay so okay like like I'm Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I uh uh like I mean so well so well um uh would classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist um like okay like like uh okay well you know so. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I mean like you know okay um okay you know um so I mean I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing uh uh uh I mean well like uh okay I mean so. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video series well I mean so like um uh so like so like. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off you know like um so you know you know I mean you know okay um. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has I mean like um uh like so well like um okay been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of like okay uh um so you know uh um like you know the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have uh uh you know okay well um you know so okay okay gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think um um okay so um I mean okay um I mean well that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how well you know like um okay so I mean okay so uh Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this so like you know okay well um I mean so well okay was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host you know so so like I mean you know okay well like okay any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm so um well so okay you know well uh uh well like pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, how's well like uh well okay you know well I mean I mean you know it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, what's okay you know so uh like like like uh okay you know up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast okay well like okay so well so okay so you know with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and so um I mean well uh okay you know so um uh until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a you know well um uh well okay okay so uh uh Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral okay okay well you know um like like like you know so Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes uh okay uh so um okay you know you know I mean like listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment so well you know okay um like okay you know like um to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way uh okay well well uh like uh you know uh you know to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use well uh like so I mean like I mean okay okay okay it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast well like um okay like you know you know so so uh right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your so okay uh you know like I mean uh okay like so pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you okay okay so so like I mean like I mean you know I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to well okay so um um um well I mean uh okay make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or you know so well well so you know okay like you know well go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just well I mean you know I mean okay you know uh um I mean like want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so uh so well well like so okay okay um so much love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk like you know so uh you know like well like um so about today's topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why okay um I mean well um I mean so um okay um I asking like what in the world does not even know like what is my um I mean okay okay okay well you know well like um insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and so you know uh like so well I mean like um so I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way I mean I mean so um okay I mean so like uh okay which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to like uh well so uh well well like um uh everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for I mean well you know um you know well you know uh so so the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm uh so you know uh well uh you know okay um so your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This you know I mean well I mean um um I mean so okay you know episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this uh you know you know well okay um so so uh you know podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to so so I mean so well I mean so um okay I mean start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that I mean uh um well so so like well so like allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger you know like okay so okay you know uh you know you know you know will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple you know so you know okay like like you know okay uh you know podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast um um you know so I mean I mean I mean okay I mean okay all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to well so I mean well uh well well I mean okay I mean get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be okay like so um like um like well so like going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is you know uh uh um like so you know I mean um I mean to be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your um I mean uh um like uh like so you know uh sides. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want uh like so okay like um so well you know you know to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or like like uh uh well um so uh well okay a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a well so okay you know um like I mean like well so chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you know um like so so you know well uh I mean um you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want um so well well I mean I mean uh you know I mean uh you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app so I mean I mean uh I mean uh uh so I mean so TV top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to you know you know I mean you know um I mean well okay okay like our dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog okay uh so like well okay you know uh you know okay of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting uh so so well like so I mean well um like so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades um you know I mean you know um I mean I mean so okay so and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman um uh uh you know well you know so so I mean you know what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning um well uh uh well okay okay I mean um so in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the well I mean okay well well like you know I mean I mean I mean adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey well okay so well um I mean okay okay well so in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so uh uh okay so I mean so I mean uh okay so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church you know like okay um um so uh you know um so Boy chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am um I mean like so well uh I mean like like so Laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh so I mean I mean uh you know um I mean well well uh cat is so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of so you know uh well uh uh I mean uh okay I mean the most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a you know okay uh well uh okay um um okay okay quick learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like okay okay uh so okay um well okay I mean so Laura knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so you know uh uh I mean so so uh like so you know loved also lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're okay okay uh so I mean you know uh um well um trying my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to I mean um I mean um um like uh you know um so keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that um okay um I mean like I mean um okay so um real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you so um okay okay you know well okay like well okay that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always had so well um uh you know uh like um uh okay live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had you know um so like okay uh well um well okay cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited you know you know uh um like I mean you know okay like okay for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what okay well you know uh okay uh well um you know I mean it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages like so I mean well um well you know you know like you know So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and you know uh so um well um I mean I mean like uh why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys uh uh okay you know like okay okay so like okay wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening so so you know um you know you know you know you know I mean I mean that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea you know I mean okay I mean uh um so you know well I mean for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? so okay okay so so um um okay okay I mean I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been okay like okay well so okay like well um so a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded uh I mean I mean um you know um like you know um I mean this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is actually um okay um I mean okay um so well like you know hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after you know uh like um okay uh like so I mean like your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier so um uh so uh so um like so um this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this I mean so I mean like so uh okay like um like Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we I mean I mean well okay I mean uh like okay um well record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this well um you know okay um so um so well um snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the like I mean I mean well I mean like I mean um well so way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step like so I mean like okay so I mean well you know um the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast I mean you know like you know well like like um okay so hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes like well uh I mean you know I mean um well I mean okay to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast well so so so okay I mean uh okay so okay. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top um so so you know uh you know I mean so like well of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so okay so so uh okay I mean so uh um well much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you like I mean you know so okay uh um okay okay okay had to know how to record it where to record it how to upload like like um like you know like you know well okay uh it pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will so um so well like you know you know okay so okay hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the so well uh I mean I mean I mean so I mean you know you know anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to like um well I mean I mean so um I mean okay okay the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows I mean well you know I mean okay I mean like uh like um at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast you know well I mean like like like uh um you know um patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short um okay well so like okay okay I mean I mean well favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and like okay uh I mean you know um okay I mean okay um I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truthcom um I mean uh you know um like um so so so. Books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and you well like well okay um you know okay uh so okay can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and okay well okay so I mean like um uh you know so how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get um I mean well I mean um um um um uh I mean rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome uh you know I mean you know so um I mean uh uh I mean to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get um you know uh I mean I mean I mean you know okay so um to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode like okay so uh you know um well so I mean like. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's you know so well like like you know well uh I mean like going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant a little like well so well uh okay like well well I mean Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is okay so I mean okay I mean I mean I mean um uh you know fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And well I mean well you know I mean um uh well so like now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of okay well I mean okay uh um so I mean um I mean fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is well okay okay I mean um uh um like well okay producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the you know um okay uh well like you know so so so last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's I mean well like uh okay uh okay okay uh um actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 I mean you know you know you know like well so like okay um because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we okay okay well okay I mean you know well well so um had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch okay so um I mean um so you know I mean so okay up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though uh you know you know um so uh you know um I mean you know. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I okay you know you know like so I mean uh like well you know hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you so uh uh okay so um well so like so know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the uh okay okay okay well like well okay like so topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class um uh I mean I mean so well um I mean okay um is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide okay uh uh I mean so uh so you know you know I mean. This is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give I mean okay um so um I mean uh I mean uh like you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing well um um like you know okay so okay uh you know me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the I mean I mean so like uh I mean uh I mean okay I mean hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a um well well uh uh I mean uh well so um sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east uh you know you know um uh so so um um uh of Campus. I'm on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on okay well uh I mean you know so like so okay um campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm uh like um uh I mean you know like you know well you know Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my okay you know um uh like like okay um well like friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock you know um you know you know like like you know well well you know Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for you know so so so you know well uh okay like I mean me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has become uh you know well you know uh well I mean okay so I mean grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined from so uh I mean well okay uh I mean so so um the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we I mean well uh you know you know okay I mean well I mean well go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me uh like I mean okay you know okay okay okay uh you know of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that like well so you know well so okay uh I mean well America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your I mean so like so uh so well okay uh okay personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also so I mean um uh okay like okay okay you know um is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is like so I mean so like well well I mean um I mean the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity um well so um um um um so so well is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage and honor well um um okay you know you know so okay uh like. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in the interview, but for so well you know so so I mean I mean well like so now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't okay well like you know I mean like well like you know uh be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we mean them have well okay so okay you know so uh well okay well a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement um uh okay I mean so like so I mean so like telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in uh I mean uh like um well um well you know uh the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I um okay okay I mean you know okay um like okay so guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that okay you know so like so you know okay uh well um I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a okay okay I mean I mean I mean so I mean you know well uh little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise so you know well well I mean you know like okay well okay me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the okay uh you know like um so so okay uh so end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following it I mean so like so so you know okay okay um like says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the uh um um um I mean okay um like um so disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came so well like uh I mean um okay well you know um and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom you know um you know okay well well so I mean so so of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to I mean like okay I mean like you know well I mean well like gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime uh um um um okay I mean okay you know uh I mean but a little bit of a better return to what we used to last well so like um okay I mean so I mean I mean like number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn like uh well uh uh you know you know you know um uh around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit I mean okay okay I mean I mean well okay okay uh so of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci um so well you know I mean I mean well like uh so a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will like um um I mean um you know you know well I mean like guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero so you know well you know you know I mean I mean well well okay de finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life um okay um okay well like um well um like and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature so okay um I mean well uh you know okay um so and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do so uh um okay I mean I mean well um uh like a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to like well um um well um well uh you know I mean carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts well okay like um um uh I mean uh I mean I mean to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing uh like uh like I mean you know okay like like uh ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected well like uh you know okay well um like like you know with his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this I mean like uh well okay uh uh like okay well meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week. Okay, well uh you know so um you know um I mean you know you know we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but I'm I'm I mean um like I mean well um you know so so um very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've ever talked you know okay you know I mean I mean uh I mean well you know well about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in and the very last uh well well I mean like uh you know I mean so okay episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert I mean well well I mean so like you know you know I mean uh. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my well you know you know like um uh um you know you know you know girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up till like o'clock like okay okay you know you know I mean so uh you know uh in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of I mean like I mean you know okay okay I mean I mean so like them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm like I mean you know so like okay so uh uh you know emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a okay well well so um like so okay I mean you know little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a like okay um uh like well um I mean uh so very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today we um okay uh so uh so well okay like uh made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down today um um okay you know I mean like I mean uh like so. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of so well uh okay so I mean I mean I mean okay okay the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee I mean um well okay so you know you know you know I mean you know first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where you know I mean okay like I mean so um you know well well we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday so I mean uh well um uh okay like well I mean and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in um well okay uh okay um well uh like well this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house uh you know uh I mean like um so so you know okay in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out so I mean I mean well okay okay um um you know like of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and uh like well uh like okay so you know uh um inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with uh uh so like I mean um I mean um well I mean our investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment um uh um so you know um uh I mean I mean so ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the like well okay so I mean I mean like uh okay I mean degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken well I mean like okay like uh well um um I mean by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you like okay well I mean so well um well uh okay about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way okay so well okay well um uh um like so to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because well okay uh well I mean you know like uh I mean so it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record I mean okay okay so well like um you know you know so and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your I mean well I mean um um okay you know you know um so podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher you know uh I mean well I mean okay like well uh um or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your well I mean like um uh you know well okay okay okay podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast um uh uh so like I mean you know I mean you know you know all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check uh um like like uh okay um like okay you know out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right you know so uh like well like um okay I mean you know there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or okay like okay okay uh uh um well like I mean whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where so I mean uh like I mean like like um well I mean you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then well well okay well okay well okay like I mean uh you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry you know I mean well um you know um okay okay okay uh Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your okay well well so well like like I mean okay so name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that like you know so so okay well I mean well like okay this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 you know well you know you know I mean uh okay like so you know & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't you know uh I mean okay I mean um um so okay like remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you uh like well so like so you know you know well so should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the I mean uh so okay you know uh I mean um uh like strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is um like uh well like um um um uh you know Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed you know okay uh I mean um well okay well I mean well the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in so you know uh okay okay okay like um okay you know love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take so so well um well okay well I mean I mean uh a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are okay uh well you know I mean like okay um well well back for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a okay uh well okay you know um well I mean um you know little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are well um well okay you know so so like you know uh getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets I mean okay okay well you know um like um like uh. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my like well well well well well you know you know well uh goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know like I mean I mean I mean you know okay so um okay uh so Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it uh uh you know so like um okay um okay I mean sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the okay like you know you know you know uh um like I mean I mean lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is okay so like well okay so so I mean okay uh that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like well I mean uh well so you know like um like so a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This you know I mean I mean you know well you know like you know I mean uh is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our I mean uh like well so so like uh uh well listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the pitch well so well uh you know like like I mean well well room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the um okay you know well like well uh you know uh like likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch um like uh you know you know uh well well uh you know sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the okay uh um I mean well well so um so uh founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could um okay um you know well so I mean um well I mean turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all uh um uh uh well okay so um well well you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet you know well you know well um well you know uh so I mean. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya well uh like okay okay I mean like you know well I mean built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with me you know uh well um uh I mean like um you know okay as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and seems like you know you know okay I mean okay um uh I mean well to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here Matt I mean uh like well okay uh okay well so you know. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to get a win so I mean like you know well you know uh um you know so so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm uh so I mean well so I mean like um you know uh glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But today I mean uh you know I mean um uh I mean okay uh um we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked like well um um you know well like I mean um like on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level I mean um uh I mean okay um like I mean um you know and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night okay like like well uh um so well uh so and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of like uh so I mean uh okay well so so uh covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, like so okay I mean okay um so I mean okay like it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about okay so okay um well uh so well well uh me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo yo okay uh so so okay like so I mean well um yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been very interesting for you know um so you know so you know okay I mean uh I mean me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can say so uh so uh so okay like I mean you know well towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like Darkness. And I mean so you know uh so okay uh uh okay okay just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind of uh you know you know um um um okay uh well okay marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside I mean okay so well well so um I mean well um. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does the like okay um you know okay I mean okay like I mean well rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort okay you know I mean uh well okay I mean uh so so of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be I mean I mean you know you know uh well okay you know okay so your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to you know well uh um I mean um so so um you know renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is okay um um well okay I mean okay uh well I mean taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest day I mean um I mean you know okay like like so I mean like of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is like I mean uh you know so so um I mean you know okay thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to like okay okay um okay okay okay so well um Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction I mean um so um so I mean okay uh okay well for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy so okay uh uh I mean well I mean um well uh and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I okay like uh like you know well um okay you know so keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to resonate with um so so um so I mean I mean uh uh well so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all well well I mean like well like okay like okay um the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well you know okay okay okay like um um um uh um at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast I mean um uh okay uh um you know I mean I mean like. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the so okay like uh well like okay um uh so episode people need to hear her story. They need to hear about her well well like um uh like like uh so so resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that so I mean um uh uh so so I mean um I mean have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you well uh so I mean uh okay well so so um think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you I mean I mean uh okay so you know uh so okay um about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the uh like you know okay I mean uh well you know uh you know easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation um like okay um okay okay well I mean um I mean tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay okay like I mean like like you know um you know so your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you uh okay you know you know well you know you know well I mean uh. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many you know like you know well you know uh well I mean okay uh more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so like well you know uh well I mean so you know um I mean don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- so uh uh I mean like uh okay okay you know okay to get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up so well um um um you know okay okay so I mean you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number like uh so uh well well okay you know uh like four and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks um well like so well like okay like um uh. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or okay um so like you know so uh like uh uh at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the okay well okay like I mean okay well uh I mean okay music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah uh okay um uh I mean um uh you know I mean you know. Yeah do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show uh um uh I mean you know so you know well um so this is where in the show now usually might go we say well like you know well okay I mean I mean uh well uh hello and introduce the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review okay like I mean um well um uh like I mean um everything we have a guest today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's okay well okay um okay like well um okay okay right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh so you know I mean well okay like um well like. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well uh so uh like well uh so I mean well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you you know like so you know well you know like okay um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make okay okay like you know I mean you know um okay um like money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a so you know uh uh like okay like so okay um podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped you know okay um um I mean so okay uh um I mean. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back okay okay like you know I mean well well like so okay to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all so you know okay like so okay you know I mean uh so. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's you know I mean um so um um uh okay I mean you know been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back okay well uh uh like like uh so I mean like. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far I mean like well um I mean okay well uh uh like and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as okay uh I mean well I mean so I mean uh uh okay far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd you know I mean so um like well um okay you know so like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending you know like well like like um I mean you know so uh suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please um okay like um well like uh uh um like don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It like you know like okay okay so so okay uh um was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of well uh you know okay like well well like um you know strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people um uh you know um so okay uh well uh so come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent I mean um you know well I mean like um like you know okay countless hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan well uh uh like uh okay okay like you know I mean or even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do like so you know okay um um um um um I mean so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they uh so okay I mean like okay okay okay uh okay don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, um um I mean okay I mean well well okay okay like it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So um so I mean like I mean like okay I mean you know I mean anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question um I mean so okay you know okay like like uh so. Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you know uh so I mean um okay okay um okay you know you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died I mean like well you know you know I mean so well you know well. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to you know well well like like like so uh uh so prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making so well uh so so okay uh I mean like like a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of um you know um okay okay like so uh I mean I mean it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been well okay uh well uh you know you know you know like okay a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket so well I mean uh okay I mean uh you know I mean I mean bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl I mean like um well I mean so um uh so so Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you I mean well well well well um so I mean okay you know find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, like um uh uh okay so uh okay uh okay it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, well like well um like you know um so so well but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses and well like um um um um so um uh okay a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings okay um like uh well you know so you know like okay at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways of getting okay I mean like you know I mean you know um well you know like around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down well okay like okay I mean uh like you know uh like. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, like uh um so um I mean well uh well you know it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy so so I mean like okay um well like uh so of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for your well so I mean uh uh like okay okay you know I mean kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your love prayers okay like like like like okay okay like uh okay. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again at pray um um so you know you know okay you know okay I mean so for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one of well uh um okay um you know okay so so like the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space I mean I mean um so you know you know um okay so uh one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York Times you know you know um well I mean like um uh okay I mean bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on the bright like uh okay so uh you know um uh um uh side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up uh like well so so like well you know like so in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 uh okay uh okay okay uh um you know um you know. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two very uh like you know well so I mean I mean well uh you know close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and um you know like well uh so like well okay well we're all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is okay I mean you know uh okay well okay uh okay okay what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have you know uh like okay okay like um like okay I mean different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like I mean uh um okay um uh so so um um makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead you know okay you know well okay um I mean uh um I mean and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion okay um um so so so I mean okay like well because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster okay I mean like you know uh okay I mean you know you know well. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I like uh like so you know like like you know well like made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think like like so um so I mean uh um okay you know I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were um uh I mean um so um uh like well okay looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of okay okay uh like like like okay so well you know like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this uh okay okay I mean okay uh like uh like you know season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
