Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start I mean okay brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too well uh hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about uh you know different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of um so the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was I mean I mean a kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by well uh leaders called the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan like you know. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real well well good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with like like golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the so I mean phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing uh like Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don okay well that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but well so true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am so okay I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So so okay true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the um uh middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I um I mean lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for you know like the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars you know okay were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by uh you know two thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast I mean you know been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op well like view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're like I mean not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few okay like ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down well like the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back um so to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two okay like games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent okay you know. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a you know um knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events from well well history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on uh well Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg um so open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the um I mean podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some um uh reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a like like little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going okay um to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping well um them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've okay well opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a um you know listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question so like and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept like well that is this If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold I mean um. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you I mean I mean always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as you just smack so so it down six months because I it's been nagging us for the last two weeks you know um. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like be sure well well he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured okay okay walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work uh um in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for like so long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge uh um advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, like you know but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper I mean I mean diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not okay uh too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start um okay your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 like you know and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games well so or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog you know uh trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, go uh you know go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but um uh beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat well you know kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is I mean like someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the um I mean podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying so um to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife um like on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because I I mean so don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in you know I mean a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start well well this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just so okay started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on you know okay one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode you know so includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive um well. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was like uh a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with like I mean forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich so um water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the you know um cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled like I mean down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something well well large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode okay uh is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part uh um in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to well so be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has uh I mean infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going well well to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's like like where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the uh uh easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that um well it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends okay so Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that well um are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where um so we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey I mean okay of going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the well okay ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years uh so. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through you know okay and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of okay I mean lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real uh so life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has like like been told I have read that back in the day a massive School okay uh of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of I mean um sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push um so it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in well um this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as uh you know a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast okay so is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo may be both active like uh but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair Chirac are well so necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total Bachchan Cooper like okay hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually opco like um and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with self-discovery uh well self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were I mean okay a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be like so your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on I mean well Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as okay like well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week well you know Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe that uh you know you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone who has a um you know need to listen send it to them and I'll be more than happy to I mean you know send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. Hey you know um guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast uh well. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving like okay up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think like so I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that um okay. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know uh I mean that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look uh well like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life well I mean that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but you know you know I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast. Well, like uh actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app uh okay that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an like um idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you uh I mean need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your um you know phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to so well get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in okay I mean 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny you know uh leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made I mean like with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for you know uh spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the like like only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing uh well this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And I mean um today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor you know you know. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send I mean uh him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note okay uh. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a well um lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple uh you know do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things um you know you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian uh um. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device um well is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You um well can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel well um far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it I mean like at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads okay okay all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a podcast okay you know in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers um so your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your okay um mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week you know like where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two like I mean heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and well okay deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen okay um was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world I mean I mean was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't okay so figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we need so you know the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes well well that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have uh you know we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because well you know It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of well I mean it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya so like but the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week so you know of March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video you know okay games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables um uh and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice uh you know. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the okay okay copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter so you know in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to you know so chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase like you know again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber I mean well the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he I mean I mean rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of I mean like rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of um uh a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you okay well shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears well like rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will well like be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words I mean well now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout uh well out. Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We you know okay hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to like well our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying I mean uh to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to well uh get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with uh I mean this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case okay like dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first you know you know couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now like okay also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're well uh we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything uh okay out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much like like as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the I mean I mean easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their uh well creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your okay like phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that well well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really um I mean imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's um well everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their well uh app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like so dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast so I mean. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording like okay just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today I mean uh. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London so um City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win I mean like the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals um well and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well well um that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole well like thing's a whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not like um listening to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover you know um. The oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games like so this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well well well. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute you know well and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about well uh anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain you know like it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay so your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be okay okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make money from so well your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything you well so need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app uh you know or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show so so. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to I mean so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account um so Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can like um follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can so you know download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're like so listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already um well Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on I mean okay Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me well well. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily I mean um episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John I mean so. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find well uh your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get okay um cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this uh like opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions well like. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we so well can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey like um. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become you know like reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit like like Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero you know so. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and um um I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop uh I mean who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if um okay you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one well you know the beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we you know okay all knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for I mean well her to finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested well well and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with so uh uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated and okay like confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through a um like few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is awesome and like well who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that allow you okay you know to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will I mean okay also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple pie um okay. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast I mean I mean with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners I mean um a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that um uh and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to you know uh upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything you know okay that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor so um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to I mean uh the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden so I mean age of the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters okay um were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on you know you know confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally well so have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send well um me the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've uh um like I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it okay okay back. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I you know you know will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on well uh my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that well well you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I okay um may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't so okay know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a I mean I mean koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over um like half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and well like we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well you know okay research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work you know like and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone um uh else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves um like because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and well um we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So you know I mean we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what kind you know like of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry I mean so last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing experiences anyone so well want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go first because okay uh I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as uh so polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we I mean uh read through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question I mean well. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He so I mean said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's I mean okay fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was like I mean I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this so you know episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a so well good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this like I mean cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U well like s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel like you know Scott Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all well I mean of a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from okay you know opening weekend. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind I mean you know of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it like uh was like we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I okay uh woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God um you know. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy well um was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, okay you know whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon well okay as they beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the well um swing of things. We are good for real back in the swing of things uh well were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you know well you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of like I mean your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah okay um. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on you know well every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those uh so podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with um well friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to okay I mean listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already um well be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or you know okay browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss so okay an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today uh okay. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right well so after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer uh well podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and okay well in this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know like like for muscle gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make um you know sure that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, you know well Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were like so one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little um um bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and um so regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly I mean uh to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll uh so say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you um you know have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, okay well y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people uh uh watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on so okay your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm so um not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient. Timothy okay so Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in uh well the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today um so and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of well like today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 so so. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later okay um nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm you know um pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to like I mean Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the I mean you know internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So uh um very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that like so I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to give like um a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running a little I mean well bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over like you know a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win a little little okay okay gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space so you know for divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with so uh their purpose. I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your I mean like light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics like I mean share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a um you know human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of uh like Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura um you know room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a month since I mean um my last episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know uh well that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement uh um on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. It I mean well all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards well I mean got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the you know you know ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a so so Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a okay like BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of me, but um okay I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire okay so spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a I mean okay Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like okay you know a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth well you know to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we okay so just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create I mean like some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to well okay get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort um uh done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you see so you know is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here to um um talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices well uh on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry you know uh and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking I mean uh about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier like well. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my well well very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a okay I mean podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had well uh to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor you know I mean if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make like okay all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast uh so. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free like so. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools like I mean so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um so your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can uh like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it well um you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can you know you know start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make uh so a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to okay like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in um I mean a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing uh okay it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then so um fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's um you know under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have okay like a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think um I mean my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? so you know Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace well like Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of so well solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want um well to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series you know like famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify um I mean follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes you know so. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? okay like I'm not certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you like like not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my like um son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three decades. I've like you know isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone if okay um all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found someone. I I mean I mean have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could ever um you know ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole well uh what should have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't um well the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just some well um boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this so I mean it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I like I mean need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of uh you know I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay well like. So today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be you know well joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior well okay at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever uh um I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, uh like what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about um okay anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want so um to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free um um. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right you know um from your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it so okay. That's not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute like so your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast so you know Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's um like everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead I mean okay and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- okay so to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool I mean like back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, so well but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other you know you know podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, uh so no, it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want okay so. To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You I mean okay complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All like I mean right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you okay so how it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did well like the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here well um from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't like I mean wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like okay um wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those like so old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going um um to get into but I know that it was a good movie because like uh I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to um okay talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, you know you know let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the well like 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is like so my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly so like about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and uh uh podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that so well is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit uh so these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an well okay episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium so so users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are well you know if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this so um one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app I mean okay search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library um so tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an uh like episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome okay well to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might you know okay have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding you know okay out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort uh okay of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet uh you know real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with so I mean calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's so I mean the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody okay okay loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love so um free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit like okay your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for so like you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that um well way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast I mean I mean with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one like um place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh I mean get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast okay so for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student um I mean sharing her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the you know uh show and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my I mean um episodes. Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks okay well in the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the uh well C1 Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as you know you know we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of uh uh life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I okay okay calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the I mean so sounds of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not you know uh forget. Your breath the Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You um so make me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really I mean um appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible I mean okay in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which you know uh is something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk um um about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's well okay quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to I mean um 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother uh uh John and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There um I mean in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today um okay as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You so you know just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah uh I mean. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we okay well jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find I mean you know yourself in a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact uh uh drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255 okay you know. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed I mean okay a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be you know you know warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were well uh really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings I mean like about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of okay I mean Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders like I mean is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to okay um tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to I mean like join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy um okay in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and uh um I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for I mean well listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way like you know to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine um like and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get so uh their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to um so do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit um um the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages I mean um. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, well well keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you you know you know and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this like like so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard you know so of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening you know okay to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep um so in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it uh I mean. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end uh you know. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play well you know guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I okay you know play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's well so let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can uh uh guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich okay you know So I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost so uh seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of um uh my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago you know well. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so like like I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with um okay me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks like um this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross like like around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of um I mean travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and um uh I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, well okay but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game uh like and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball well um game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts like okay and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover so I mean the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not you know so necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the like uh views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode you know you know 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually like well happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is a you know uh podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather you know um has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of uh you know age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue so so on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely so you know. It's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the so well podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited um um and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled okay well to announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders you know I mean. I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge uh uh today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in okay um 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from I mean like Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this you know I mean was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting okay okay your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's uh um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's well like free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools okay you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I mean um. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard um like on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight okay like different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you you know I mean don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to well like make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free like well anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a um so couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did notice okay like they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise that it like um would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only right to well um acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so M. How are you I mean like I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements um um of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I think so you know uh. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited to be joined by uh uh Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and so okay author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually like you know say it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite okay well reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized like so after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front well like of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And uh you know again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp um so on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here um uh. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing like well me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift well like. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement you know uh in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name I mean I mean is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the like uh last episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So I mean well on this episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I um so am going so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just uh like wanted to kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is so I mean the best way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've okay okay talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a like so big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the you know you know ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the well well PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what um like I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll okay well never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling like okay flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do like so. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton you know okay. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in so okay other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas I mean like to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next uh I mean time at the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going well so to really date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And um well it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you okay um gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's uh you know a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, like okay stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without so okay electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know okay uh you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and well so I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad I mean like reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise um like industry the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every so like generation and none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts uh you know told Business News Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all you know like what they seem here are a few common ones and how to combat them okay okay. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might not know like I mean or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never okay like satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually um um staying with companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign so like me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of I mean I mean seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created like uh an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community so uh here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and like like really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick up so I mean your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome so uh to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all so like about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going to so uh learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with uh well the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for okay you know another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want you know uh to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I I mean you know have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, like uh and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it well uh those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast like okay. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very uh okay distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the I mean um kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career um you know path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are like well 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it okay like did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, like so March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like uh like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring so um break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses uh um. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the you know so in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on you know well to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link okay I mean. This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going like okay to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you you know um to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks like um. You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to um like check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I okay so have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas okay I mean and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2 well well. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really okay you know good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really well you know enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the I mean um podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message I mean okay because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just you know like mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to um um be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling so okay just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to um so exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with I mean like borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am okay okay your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning um uh of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health you know well and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them I mean I mean. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode so okay. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim uh so Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some so um of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what like so is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for you know well the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I like you know wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this like you know new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going um uh forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan um like was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, okay I mean we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY um so 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional like um changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive well um step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next um you know steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year well I mean 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've you know so selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them so okay with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a you know you know wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with like you know but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness you know like desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and well you know night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh uh okay long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known you know I mean to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global celebrity okay okay Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an like well American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic so like Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity I mean well crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about so um today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took I mean like a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was so I mean currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my uh um life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on like um Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years like so older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better you know I mean best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape I mean well and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of um I mean Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change uh um it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the you know uh pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the like so money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give me you know so that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV um okay talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have like well Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out you know I mean and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And like um as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a I mean you know because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for uh so your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T well I mean show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have you know uh rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning well I mean in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and well um podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on you know um the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports uh you know card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is um like right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base I mean I mean prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and well okay everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on um well their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day okay okay or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers like um producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the you know you know project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not um so necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse I mean like behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time like I mean to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop like well Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news so uh coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of um I mean outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to uh I mean say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because so well that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying I mean well to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that like I mean he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So you know you know if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three okay I mean seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a well so podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything like okay better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and um okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your um so podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh okay you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you know um need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or okay okay go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM so you know to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be so so immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but uh so four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a um you know few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this I mean well is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning you know um of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother well so 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next um well week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up so um. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my you know okay March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive um so listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Maura uh okay stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him to um so work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door I mean um flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow okay well Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his you know like captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off well you know. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and okay uh blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the um I mean body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good okay well talk anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate you know well shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All uh uh right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked like okay about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna you know well say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations on okay you know qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, so uh right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles you know uh kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do okay well you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number well well 42. Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would okay I mean have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, well I mean we've already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily okay I mean. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on okay uh this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the um like mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives you know you know this to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual so like truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you I mean okay guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope okay well for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the like well gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric like like elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually okay so occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be okay um associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment well like treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has um I mean an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make um well up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male well okay to female ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 well you know year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three like I mean years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an I mean like outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today we're going I mean okay to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce myself to those I mean okay who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine physician I okay um practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients a day well okay and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a census. It's been well you know 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have so um been very worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not so like been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest way like okay to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and it's um so awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so okay podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you like I mean. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or like um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything okay I mean that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app uh uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask like like Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a uh so name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach you know um clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this I mean well is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform okay I mean for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There you know well are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or okay uh your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone like like and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast well I mean for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this okay I mean point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges you know uh a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience so okay of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're I mean well joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, I mean you know have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my like I mean podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do like okay it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely okay so Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She um well is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I like okay wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about um uh ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and um um frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that okay well Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? well uh Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen you know okay child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and um okay my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days okay well and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right well I mean is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys okay okay and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield okay um. How's it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow like I mean with if you can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear you know I mean him. And then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is uh so an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo uh you know my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? like I mean It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do you uh I mean do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do um so. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind okay well of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training uh I mean herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I I mean well brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont you know okay limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of you know I mean making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you well I mean doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want uh I mean to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock like you know boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come uh I mean back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought I mean you know we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like so uh a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And I mean I mean then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is so well fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was uh you know like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many I mean uh times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but so okay I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back um so. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got you know um me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the so well big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in uh so a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the okay like way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the us so so. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify okay like. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion so uh is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August okay um 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were I mean so clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and uh so we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the like okay painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the like like tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when I so I mean get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is brought to uh uh you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me paint a large I mean well abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to see that process like so head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer like you know and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 like like 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of like uh March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets so um. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you uh you know so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining um okay me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse you know uh me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic so like is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related you know okay we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events you know okay. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires um um suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head I mean okay on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just well okay launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with well okay Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an like uh angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it so I mean was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the like like cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind okay uh of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero I mean well Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose like okay brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was well okay if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a like so podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record so so and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your you know um podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well so and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything so okay you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask well um you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a you know um dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You okay uh want to live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? like like Most people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it you know you know seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind like okay of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go I mean okay Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon okay um a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received so okay an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due uh so to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a frequent okay like flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the I mean well day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art um uh of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who are okay I mean ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community that elevates each like okay other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you up for so well the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a special well you know guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best I mean okay Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell uh like everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is I mean I mean Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and uh I mean retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our uh I mean leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've so I mean sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and like I mean what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international okay like women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We um so sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie okay well has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in um like senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We I mean like hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk okay um now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip so okay. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super like like show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just like uh they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree well uh and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy um okay love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's well um start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers um well up. First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's time um well for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, uh like a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of you know um any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out I mean um to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier okay like enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their uh okay website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere like well from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove so well that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our uh you know weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your you know um a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this like um podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified so well chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this well so might mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times like um. So we now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly okay you know. What is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide uh uh. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the uh uh time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, you know like even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy well uh because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells I mean like into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies okay okay. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are uh I mean also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi well um. The run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to um like transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run so I mean coaches and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will like uh get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can so like be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they uh well get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to okay like do a deep dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner you know you know. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous well you know background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will so so have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been like like through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all have uh I mean one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or Esports you know you know. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there like like are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to um uh sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports so so take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us so like. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim well okay Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation so so Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had uh so over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I I mean so was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome like well. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author I mean so but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the well so resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like you know so the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you you know um guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you so okay can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I uh well just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website so so. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing uh okay show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and I mean uh brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines so so week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women uh uh all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, like like she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in I mean uh Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter so um Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked with so um dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more successful I mean so and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do it. So like I mean ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now I mean you know. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come a you know like bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed okay like with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat like well on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope okay I mean y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced uh you know Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash I mean um the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If so like you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it I mean well gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let you know uh me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All so okay right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? uh you know Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip uh I mean to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still well like on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here so you know and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't like so heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's so so a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right um okay from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you you know okay make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can um like make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes I mean um. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and uh you know this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority um okay in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there um um are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your um I mean host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast well okay in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about like um for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit well I mean about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get I mean um any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect I mean uh those of the company and its management for their more the views and so um opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former okay I mean A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us you know like 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and okay well tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they I mean uh can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their you know so career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger okay so and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So okay okay so this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you okay you know guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us I mean you know out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former um you know A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company you know I mean. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media you know um Network. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you uh okay today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going you know you know to talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with uh okay me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew um like say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about uh so how we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and like so me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, uh you know the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the okay well show. Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been uh you know listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out like so there in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the um like concept of experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of so so not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience okay well. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a you know you know nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score I mean I mean last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just I mean I mean a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot okay like. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's like okay a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the uh I mean point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr okay you know. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a you know okay hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I okay uh had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because well uh I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you you know so so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over you know you know to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome I mean um t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and you know well see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content um so just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm um um so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under okay okay the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in you know so the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look well um forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for you know I mean tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA um you know. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of I mean uh these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different okay like guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that well so are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of uh okay which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was you know uh going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm you know um just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to like okay make a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the I mean uh easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one well like place for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools like like allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll uh uh distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify uh I mean Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast you know I mean with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This you know I mean isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably so you know the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now like so if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put I mean um but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just doesn't make uh like sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL for just so I mean about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense for me so well to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make sense to me like well for this man the go out and play for another team at 43 years um like old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get I mean I mean you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get so okay started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app um uh or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your so um own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to okay like talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to well um make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go uh okay to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- so like in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about I mean so anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's well uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh well phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be like um heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast like like with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in okay okay one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to um you know Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're um you know going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the I mean so sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look you know um into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam uh so. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough like you know free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should I mean uh really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting like uh podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis um like. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we you know uh both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So well you know we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people I mean um really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's confusing like so because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three okay um two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are we um I mean gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all like so hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an like I mean avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the so um current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of you know well order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your okay um life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait okay um. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like you know like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan I mean you know of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little well I mean idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor I mean so dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many okay I mean different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from you know um your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the uh well free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master I mean um jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use I mean you know promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised uh like a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are I mean you know going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and uh uh before you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows um like and that's a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least uh like not in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the uh you know Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, uh you know too. 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a like like Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many okay um ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing okay you know episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon um uh patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about so okay all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very like well special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons so I mean at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy uh well. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in you know okay terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with you know uh a lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean okay um putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say like like thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going well like to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close uh okay to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you so like know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room I mean like. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your like like host Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to okay I mean say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on like well Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this so like podcast. So thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last you know uh weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off uh um the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford um so 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you so uh go off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly um you know one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a weekly okay uh social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings to help so you know you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and like well as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 times version okay uh of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it with you in you know well just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on okay you know microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer to have you know um good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this you know um episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast I mean so a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with well um. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in okay like 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through like you know 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that I mean um if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from like uh God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent so um we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on so okay we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to I mean I mean talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to well well record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free so like and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your uh I mean podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends you know I mean as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast I mean well for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more well I mean you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything so so you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or you know um go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to um okay let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning uh um you right now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe because you know you know that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we so okay save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their uh um classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers um okay for on here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate you know well and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers like so gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is well uh has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's okay I mean a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram okay um page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and you know like her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, um um when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so um okay I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for you know so joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? you know uh Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier okay well. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest so I mean. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do so you know that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into okay so the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take uh uh a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what so like you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow well uh ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet so like and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm like like. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom so um. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a I mean well book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit uh I mean in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco you know like Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed I mean well away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with like I mean a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all like um about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share uh I mean with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano um you know say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all okay okay phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were going so okay. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation you know like coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I um so bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so I mean like if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should like you know be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I I mean uh would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug okay uh. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in so so a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show um um in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of um well days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we I mean so managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening to well okay the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you well uh for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is you know I mean your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking uh I mean beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or like uh obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a well you know drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record uh um my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely you know okay love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make so so a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record okay um and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even okay okay distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast uh uh and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's like um everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to uh um do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f like uh m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about so well anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't heard you know so about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate I mean like first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you you know so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My well well computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone uh so. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast you know um for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more you know okay dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your well okay podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your listeners right you know uh now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night uh uh toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles uh um all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily I mean okay Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a okay well giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and okay you know it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and okay you know take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge okay uh but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the you know um John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty like like seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the like uh United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 I mean well cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had um I mean any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our you know uh villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the um okay 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal I mean okay underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or um okay wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New like well York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The um so criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were like I mean there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right like uh here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that like so people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that well you know they learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly you know I mean meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in like um this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say um so exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with uh um the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the uh so storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I okay um am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just okay so get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been like so a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't well you know you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the I mean uh world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the like uh most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're you know uh exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've okay I mean collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us well well explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True so well Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify um um or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be um you know posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What well well motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard like uh and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now well like what needs to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in okay okay the medieval period things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most okay well people in England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you well uh were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did uh I mean face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for I mean I mean so for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life okay so expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So okay uh a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of like okay Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name you know I mean is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually I mean you know knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany well uh Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of um you know said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little well so heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people okay uh have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool okay okay a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a you know so few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool well you know. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my I mean like name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having the like um massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but well you know of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's all be um well in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if well I mean you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly okay I mean. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot okay so of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do talking so okay about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a you know well voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be uh you know your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you need like you know to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life. So so so you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you in you know I mean on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over okay well the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share I mean like my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to you know uh bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share I mean you know. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is I mean so he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about uh uh to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo like you know. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either you know you know places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of his okay I mean open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I like um might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to come so you know here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying you know I mean something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick like so something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which is to either transfer you know okay it over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe uh like and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just like um talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on different I mean okay type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just uh I mean hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy. So like uh that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast um well comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed to uh well get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast producer okay I mean. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because it's I mean uh the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free. You can like like edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and all in uh um one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it like uh can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you so uh can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You can uh so make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast um um all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are um I mean joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode um okay. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career well I mean of the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We you know uh interviewed. And since it was the second time we had him on we'd so like already covered his career. And so I got to talk about a lot uh well of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear a lot I mean I mean of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of um I mean went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth you know well State title High School in New York. And so we talked a little bit well so about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At I mean you know all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come um uh into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and well I mean try to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of well like paints a picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about like so sex like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick um I mean a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh so well and there's like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a um like glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more you know okay right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you well uh for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it um uh was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for my health um like and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the uh um journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by like um yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you know, so you know you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the part well like of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far well you know now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and um I mean we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter like okay found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, well so no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick you know you know of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every okay you know Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's so I mean most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts uh you know. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode well I mean includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of okay like a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the uh well podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and okay um naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology okay well can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next uh well big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether I mean well or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in well so conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well well okay known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number so I mean of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about you know so the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it well like actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards you know okay teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host um uh John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology like like one chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, so uh which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily I mean you know. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for well okay the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her okay um girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's you know I mean dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that like so she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron okay I mean where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have uh so found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out I mean so she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has okay okay financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her I mean like income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a um I mean content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am okay like not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants you know so with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that well um guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I well so am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And so well today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah well you know. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet I mean so we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry but like I mean marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be you know you know but it was there. We took the we just say major so we had so okay all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this okay you know is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter you know I mean art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part uh you know of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting um I mean as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of okay you know people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However okay like tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of well I mean seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections like you know experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to like I mean shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with so I mean shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things well like tree planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So um well wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast like well in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop well like ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into uh um e-commerce or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are um I mean three different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right you know so products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type well you know of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move you know um to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are uh so ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing uh I mean this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm I mean I mean going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at well so all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to so well build one of these stores and actually build a real business now well uh before we get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you okay like to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results like okay from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more I mean uh calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time um you know. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain so um or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of so like your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, well um let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages uh um to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble uh well falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word like um of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as um okay you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an um I mean inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this so you know. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you well so text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word um I mean Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a well okay manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came well okay up with this list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I you know okay sit on this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love like well friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon like okay everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin um like and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're um okay supposed to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot well okay take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start with you know uh the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know so well soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit well I mean. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests I mean uh. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy well okay. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, okay uh so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars I mean I mean 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no um you know. Did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior um so knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible uh you know and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are um um joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest okay uh today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I mean so I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, you know like I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be uh so fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he so like told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was okay so Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day like um. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 well um. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's well so very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM so you know that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time uh uh and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you like like know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so like so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs like well are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access you know uh your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, uh I mean the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think I've sort of uh you know got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally so you know aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people so like if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here um you know with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from well uh Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing you know like great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing well I mean right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but okay you know I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this um so. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so I mean okay fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time uh like we put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, um so don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks like like podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering uh like all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting so so Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right like okay from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the like uh latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So I mean you know if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all I mean like that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for um uh adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi so uh. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All I mean so I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the well so back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you um um know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to like you know God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome like uh to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a um so hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party well well the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our you know like favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And um okay today we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major uh okay Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, like I mean how did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I okay um hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part like well 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this well um one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some nuggets so you know up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If you know uh this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back I mean well and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think I mean um that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the well I mean way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more um so like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about like you know her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her like well as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you you know okay brushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush uh so the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every so I mean day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair you know okay of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck so um and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in um you know a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained you know so in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be a um like long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, well um it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello uh um. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free I mean uh. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long well you know as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now Monday. Let's uh like go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so well so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of okay like the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to um you know the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because okay I mean that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if like you know technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at you know I mean the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that um like that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So I mean you know the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a I mean I mean back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and like like the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and uh well I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is well you know probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess I mean like. I've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email I mean you know and he's got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so um I mean he basically he meets his All at a concert and I guess his group well so and her group of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened uh so this. She says that she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast like I mean for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy okay so Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're so uh listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My forbidden I mean like things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying um okay among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff like you know to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get okay well to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics um like and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time I mean so they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so well um read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this like so before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during you know well the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given well like it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with the see if well you know they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor uh uh which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about um I mean anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free you know okay. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh okay phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be so so heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money so like from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make you know so a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor well so dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of uh like Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's okay so your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi okay like like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form okay you know of a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor I'm able like well to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need okay uh in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone tablet or so well computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to record okay uh and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast you know like for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple I mean um podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast I mean you know with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um uh me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any okay so money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There so um are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know like phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money you know uh buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part well like you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you uh so need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or um okay go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and okay you know the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you uh okay need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose I mean I mean Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to like um the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of okay um dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight okay I mean women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon I mean okay. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just so so wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about uh okay all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was okay like taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles you know so. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs I mean uh that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days well okay and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to well uh take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way I mean you know possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are so uh actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software I mean okay to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the so I mean packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software you know um as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to okay you know record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet okay um or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with okay you know no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious uh uh about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready I mean like to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should you know so have called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom uh I mean I looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on you know okay the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my you know um conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just I mean like what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how um so are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you okay uh know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit like you know of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to like like make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use uh uh to record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor so so will distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such so like as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything so okay you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know you know dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my like like friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee um like. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of okay um Iron Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The so uh company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion uh okay soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural okay so soaps that I am so in love with and so grateful that I okay uh made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt you know okay design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first um I mean time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going I mean okay to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin like uh. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have it wrong like you know. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to them like um. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably could um okay I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we so like can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust well okay me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to well I mean your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me like you know I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this you know you know podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions well well of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this like okay show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye okay uh podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of I mean you know that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me well you know. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon uh uh West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking uh uh at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, uh you know the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at like okay one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound like I mean when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to okay well believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central and well uh your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were um I mean recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at so I mean the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred okay uh and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We you know uh have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks you know you know for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is so you know state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm I mean like Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth uh okay Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an um well update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few like you know weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right I mean I mean now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And well so this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected uh so and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington so well declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US well so. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We you know I mean just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so like podcast. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and I mean well edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make so so money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make uh so a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do well you know this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free you know you know anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We you know okay just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full you know uh podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and like okay y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars um you know session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon you know I mean or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions well you know come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I I mean um Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex I mean like Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the like like co-hosts cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio like I mean Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture uh you know. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan um I mean Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both you know I mean watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about okay you know how wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot well so of different components that we have to get into so there it's going well you know to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew like okay up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the uh you know app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's you know um creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast okay uh from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify uh so apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can like well make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You so well gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you well well need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on okay so the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness you know uh. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of um you know everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone like okay did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out okay like and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and well uh then topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your um okay girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who uh um you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day like I mean and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the um I mean video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like like like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship I mean I mean healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out I mean um and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode so okay of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the so um basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube uh uh. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and uh like hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own well uh Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm um um thankful file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are like um we here to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a um you know short rundown as this for this first episode on what the former cube is all you know okay about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right uh I mean now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney okay well Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo so like boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back so so to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are um well Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the well you know dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have well well chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, okay uh as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your I mean uh right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you I mean I mean got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said um you know it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and so uh I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach okay like Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational I mean uh therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree so like also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate you know you know major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball like uh NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a okay I mean lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise like uh confidence. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some um I mean really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the like so face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human uh um design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design like uh expert and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business well like where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design um okay and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and well uh of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business so okay in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, well I mean welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars so you know lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully like uh designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to uh um promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use so you know promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show okay uh notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent uh I mean we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate you know okay on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and like you know you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total I mean like talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year I mean uh old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend well um Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting okay like over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as okay like idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with well I mean Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all like well wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before so I mean he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth okay uh of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which okay um means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit okay uh we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 18% so like. This means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than you know uh the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading you know you know at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last I mean well year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an well you know S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the I mean so stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay um you know at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring you know like a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things I mean like. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever um like you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or you know well throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, um uh I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama you know I mean pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically uh I mean ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were you know um going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your okay okay story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community um uh dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your okay uh health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level uh uh up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl um um and Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue uh so doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few like so weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see um uh everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely so well. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here um you know to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are I mean I mean too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as I mean um an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread um you know and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome so I mean to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to build um okay in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it that I mean um you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of so uh a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you um okay want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You I mean um know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and you know you know notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation uh okay notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode okay like 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals um um to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of like well show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many uh like of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top okay uh reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy well like what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well like I mean books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the well like ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are okay I mean In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've you know uh read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a okay you know pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time ago, I mean so which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto like okay the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just like like have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but well well I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you uh okay didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for you know well the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it uh so and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really uh you know fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to so well be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in I mean okay the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody so so Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs you know um a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro I mean like. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone uh so and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur like um astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of like um Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films like okay Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you I mean so enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every well so Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups like like follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening you know well in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV uh well talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show you know okay Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and well okay we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we I mean I mean will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's I mean uh first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is well I mean an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of well like course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said like like yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got like okay me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host here uh like at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I I mean um call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything well you know in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't uh well also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this is well like probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, you see you know like one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to bash me uh um a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk um so now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this I mean uh show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike so uh feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is you know you know. You know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over so you know here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team like uh married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I I mean like may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is I mean well a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese okay like Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button so like below the other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien I mean well is welcome back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's uh like like old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, like so yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this but their like like cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do you know well a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my so you know fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our kitten uh um Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like like like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad. They're okay you know not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that you know okay documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the people who so I mean run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians about that so well one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at you know like consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast well so Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented so well by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very first um like official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November well I mean 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear okay okay a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as well you know questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody you know like on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very like uh bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor I mean you know it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free um so. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay so your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can like like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make like uh money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to you know well make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know uh dot f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank I mean uh you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl okay you know. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind you know so of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow um I mean your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you so so become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to I mean well them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling so well and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't so so done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for so like D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein uh I mean I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys first official uh like episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but it's the uh well first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It doesn't sound okay you know like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So we're professional um well now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad Mike. No, okay okay but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, but that's a you know you know story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl um I mean. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you like well. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the you know okay benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope I mean um There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning so so to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie like well and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading so um you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading a okay I mean poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we well you know thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really like okay spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to so so wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream you know you know of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear um um companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold so you know you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we like so the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no you know I mean premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing okay okay that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of well like podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and I mean uh heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So um uh we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe I mean I mean be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my okay like co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are too important like well to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We you know um encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new so you know day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering introductions okay um for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some okay like of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you um okay were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I like so would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at uh so the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of well like poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we okay you know use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to you know so use and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well you know edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was uh uh something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone I mean I mean go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's well uh so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting so so and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms so well. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great download anchor now get it well like on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have for well okay you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like delicious so uh olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to go to like you know Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine like I mean text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies so uh and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously well so low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down I mean well the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how um um most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to hit well uh them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and I well I mean hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at uh okay some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X okay well syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide um you know repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm well like of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1 like uh. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really well so actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and well you know podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put you know like hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback you know like on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you know okay you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom um okay. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up I mean you know Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson like like. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes well you know and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you um well thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is um so about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about I mean like attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian you know uh believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are stuck I mean like here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause uh okay dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 you know so of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and so I mean form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story okay well or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has okay I mean gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our I mean um community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got like you know a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all so um right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just like like really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah um okay. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants so I mean kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's I mean uh cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is I mean you know capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, you know like such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect um I mean the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this uh so podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but um like without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm uh okay with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked you know okay. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey um I mean tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about like well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free well uh like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to you know well pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that um um allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer so okay super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and uh like pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry like so you where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one um well of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years like you know. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the voice okay um and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening so well on Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right like you know. So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be so so considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird well uh weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and uh you know it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know uh um what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year I mean you know. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting you know well down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode you know so were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in so okay the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that I mean well cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune I mean um in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or I mean I mean wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second okay um match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in um you know on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast uh well thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts uh I mean. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive um uh a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part like you know of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take like well a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of uh uh being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to like okay do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your um um feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed well okay here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you well so. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast so uh survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, um you know and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we well like had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a discussion about like so the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the conversation today so okay is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up from you know uh the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode. Hot so like cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave well okay fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on you know I mean Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to well I mean digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to okay okay talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I you know like know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate so okay you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented I mean um athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an um okay example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you so well wildly swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some uh I mean players had much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest okay so scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior like like. The former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund you know I mean and Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought well okay he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the like you know past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the I mean uh bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something okay you know no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid you know okay pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I so well talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and why uh like that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and um I mean be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome um you know insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with I mean uh source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite you know so some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I you know like would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule so I mean. I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening like um right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll um like find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat magic like so Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit um uh with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the like so inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to well like help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in well well their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the um you know world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most you know I mean notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're so you know exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've I mean okay collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us uh uh explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True uh so Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or you know um wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be like I mean posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys from okay I mean the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're doing good so okay Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with mixed Denson the founder you know um of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but what's the best part so uh about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual name is um I mean and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just a block I mean okay away for over four years going it to the University of st. Thomas and then having so like them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need like okay more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding okay uh fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding like well before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and so you know an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a uh you know great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to so like make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to you know um record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your so I mean podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more so well you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's well so everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download so okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm uh well Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk okay like about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the you know um past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and I mean well Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it so well. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them uh so. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day I mean uh outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's well you know great pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing okay so. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring um so a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me uh um just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's so so got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child I mean well sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100 like like. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping well well for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for like okay work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but so well it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to um uh the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in like I mean literal like a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep okay okay it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In advance and we caught up on well okay all of our episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it like well. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore like you know. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you you know um drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what uh well it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the uh um mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the so uh authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation well you know filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you you know I mean use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially I mean um the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you uh um about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called uh um anchor this is the app. I use to create my podcast and I so so heard about it from a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I I mean well thought at first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I uh well going to do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want so I mean to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how well well do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, well so especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely I mean I mean free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright okay uh from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can like so be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make uh uh money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum um um listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to um you know just do it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join well well us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab like well your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My I mean you know name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry well um to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird um well listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it time so okay to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn so so to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at um well times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the Full Effect well I mean one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So what we're I mean well gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no I mean um need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this so well is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and okay well movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody uh I mean today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's uh like actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together you know I mean. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that okay okay led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what uh so she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll okay I mean see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making like like Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a I mean well bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and I mean you know you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm you know um gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with you know uh a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal okay so voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm so well Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess okay um we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news okay like and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald so uh Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went well like to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before well so we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time you know okay and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now you know like. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious um so. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're okay I mean talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like okay I mean he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I um well mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah I mean well. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank um uh you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in um like carriages. You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check uh like out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we you know um are as a church and I just want to I just want to take like so this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper so um Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe uh um we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to like okay be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this I mean you know episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive you know you know. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January I mean um night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson well I mean a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street so so weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha you know okay from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless so okay days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm talking like so with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national euphonium um uh player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal you know uh euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 you know um choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the I mean uh top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into so I mean the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past I mean okay summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and uh so tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth you know so he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with well uh only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading so uh on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the okay you know only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing you know uh this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take like like my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler okay so Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines you know like. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines I mean um best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a okay I mean doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage I mean so all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd so so FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I uh okay did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only um um known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do okay okay is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor uh well will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major okay like podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything I mean like else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of well like it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which like um you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post like okay something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to like uh my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin you know well show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is um you know the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about that um I mean today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you I mean well a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked um like me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my okay okay life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed everybody's life well uh. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in I mean uh there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working so well right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid um like and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want to well you know take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want okay like to tell you about something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it you know so. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's like um the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy uh okay hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a couple uh okay of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on I mean um Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's going like you know on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying The like so coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I okay well want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and I mean you know something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening like I mean know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it so uh a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops I mean I mean of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time uh I mean Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who like so went to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending okay um habits the author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in so you know a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up okay well things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and you know so helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each I mean uh lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at uh uh a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability uh well was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging uh um to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle um um and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in I mean well the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again I mean so wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths creative you know so Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road Less you know so Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump so um through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone author uh like interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that like well sound like an insanely long list of things to do? Well it is like you know and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to be sitting down well well with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a like um lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill I mean you know cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that like so you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal um I mean experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary so I mean research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences well like guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such like like. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast you know so. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of okay um this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast like well. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and like you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast I mean um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and you know you know many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is um I mean everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or well well good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk so like. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means so so wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is I mean um not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about okay uh establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the word okay so of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced. This okay okay is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses 9 through 17 like well. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You Now remain in my okay so love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my love just as I have um I mean kept my father's commands and remain in his love I have told okay you know you this so that my joy may be in you and that your joy so so may be complete. My command is this love each other as I have loved you greater uh so love has no one than this to lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to okay okay thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I you know you know hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast you know I mean. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh uh from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be like well heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also uh like make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast like you know download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up you know you know guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that um okay mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I think so you know every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's um okay. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing so well I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly so okay known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go well I mean ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on um you know YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This uh um is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving okay I mean the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why I mean like this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave us a review um um wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So um so today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of so like animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's I mean you know popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You well you know can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply okay um cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest I mean I mean export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged like I mean to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly I mean like racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled like I mean Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on um you know Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake uh so and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying so uh how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking well so no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners okay so are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is like uh specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an you know you know engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be well uh multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College okay um Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or like like loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you uh um doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here so okay. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our uh well theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started um I mean with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I uh uh had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year I mean like in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of well okay came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri you know okay Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest like like way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me uh so to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools uh so that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You I mean okay may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it well you know very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone um like. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel you know so reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis like you know of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 uh you know verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was said like you know you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this to you well so love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way. You will uh uh be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on you know well bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot uh you know f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything so so you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels um you know including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with you know like no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to um uh Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy like well with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder uh well of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley I mean okay the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song like so by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when uh you know polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on okay I mean tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and like I mean have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our I mean I mean two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend uh uh Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then I mean you know encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or um so did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about like okay So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you um you know get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised okay um this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have like well one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make you know okay a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to like I mean you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone um uh or computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of uh uh Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's you know um that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to I mean like with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things well so that you love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is so like too good to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor uh you know. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show. So like so I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just well well beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening um like in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that I mean like. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our so well little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first well so time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you okay okay hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love uh so for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you um so can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram uh like. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a okay um 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand um I mean titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get like um into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about I mean you know making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of um uh Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web you know well app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs you know you know to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign so I mean up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast well so host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but uh so if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's like I mean the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from I mean so the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow I mean well you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer so so anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple like so podcast and many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you well um need to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download okay um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started um you know today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we you know like witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't I mean you know know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to um I mean pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to uh I mean work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August you know okay questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff I mean um and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we like uh can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start like like with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list well I mean yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a list like like this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and well like I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but so like Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast so I mean. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through I mean you know stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time you know like messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good you know uh friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah you know well good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just you know um going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that uh uh looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little I mean um bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the I mean I mean reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously well so in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev uh like to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age well so. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving so um memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew uh uh is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch uh like them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family okay so Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it like uh survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was um um asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome well so to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not you know well joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've okay uh said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course you know um of the week to come up with things that I wanted to okay well talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have okay you know anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee okay like. We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you you know okay guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by well okay a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving so you know a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support okay okay yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer okay well is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her um well appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you okay uh how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes you know like years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would so okay eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years well well for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A okay so gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, well well but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of well like murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside well so of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began I mean um. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But uh you know first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um uh podcast. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free um so and there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay I mean your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going I mean okay to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps uh I mean on growing and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so uh. It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started you know um today start your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or well well go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify so uh on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts uh I mean about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium um I mean account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one well uh you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of okay uh my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a I mean like good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, so well except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each okay okay other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa you know um. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a I mean I mean stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a okay so second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest well well way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow I mean okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor so um will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple uh uh pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with well like no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download you know like the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you well so going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you you know so listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you okay you know by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution you know like side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's definitely um so one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor you know so will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms okay you know. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your well uh podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have so okay a nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or you know well go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, like um bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for so okay me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall uh well. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to you know um hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I uh so with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I sold so uh myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came up on uh okay the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend so so for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally uh okay think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered you know uh in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks uh you know that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide I mean well to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing like okay we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished well so guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs uh okay. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach okay um and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert I mean I mean extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw um you know stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also uh uh join our Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member like okay of West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on well uh iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask like so that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years I mean okay old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert well uh Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you uh uh I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but like okay the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he I mean okay has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time well I mean or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm uh well talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times okay you know. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to you know you know business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're um um looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you so uh know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week I mean like because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized like well so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I you know well read this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of like okay made their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things um so better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it. I so well know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello like like. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for um so haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for I mean okay the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is uh okay interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us um so who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge I mean so today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a you know um kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about uh uh 13 or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether you know okay I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was so I mean a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the I mean like community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to well you know become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello you know like and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of you know so the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift well so outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a so you know bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could well like not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to uh you know all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a uh uh premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus I mean you know you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can so I mean download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with you know I mean your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to so I mean download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in uh um the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you so okay never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 um you know the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel well I mean Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic you know well hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are okay so usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than um you know 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or I mean um sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% well so of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations you know you know. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These okay well injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of you know like injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports like I mean injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at lap okay so record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that all um like of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun uh uh in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if okay okay there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast okay um. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those like I mean of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were like well some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it so you know. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this um so is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think I mean okay it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the you know like new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up well uh actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her like okay deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister. I cannot defile um uh seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy so like tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I okay okay promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso uh well around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about I mean I mean to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At so well Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked um I mean Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really um so good talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is I mean I mean to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team I mean like within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming so I mean to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent um so Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American I mean okay Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the like so flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on um okay the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent you know I mean call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and um um Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it uh okay. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a like um picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to like you know the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here I mean you know with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're like you know the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's um like great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of um uh time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach you know well out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven you know so three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can um so be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require you know I mean. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find I mean okay it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate um like. I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads uh I mean weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports you know you know cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period you know uh it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had so uh to get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm well I mean trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the you know so day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report well okay. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires like so by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a I mean uh heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts um you know hard and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or uh okay not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our like um last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for uh so today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we would you know so just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of its I mean I mean insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first um like topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such uh well trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based well so practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to well uh teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the um well teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip like well Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the um you know usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They like okay will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the so so wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back um uh podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I uh like have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like well so thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast like well for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to so well find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical um well. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I like okay don't know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of well okay issues like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow okay okay but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris you know uh Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll I mean um figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is you know I mean our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one day okay uh like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to okay uh like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well you know so try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross well well margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and uh like plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about I mean well from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to you know um the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording so um and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like like uh a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire well you know. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay so like five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads I mean um which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some well um awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like you know um wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance uh you know Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of you know you know Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is I mean I mean one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be I mean I mean telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to I mean like use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your so I mean phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, well well it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast uh um more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need uh like in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I okay like think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden well I mean. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest uh you know doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that I mean uh just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when so um you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good you know like one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We like um have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans I mean so Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a you know uh very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation okay you know that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you well I mean enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a well you know lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people well uh say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the um okay time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by um um the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you um okay push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no um so further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host you know I mean your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right I mean so from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you know you know you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and you know um apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money like you know. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a okay uh podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get um I mean it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your um um anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library you know um to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor well uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent I mean okay free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay like right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we well uh do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like uh okay apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You um so can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to um okay make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to okay well Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a like uh podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the I mean well more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, uh like but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show so well I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my well you know process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys so so and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my like like guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid okay okay Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ so you know and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just like you know listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to you know so good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us okay um on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit like you know behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 you know you know Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from 1992. When the so so Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths from um so the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and you know well geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history tune in right uh I mean here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever well like you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event so well in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some um well 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead I mean like the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even so uh come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much um um about did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is well I mean coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going so I mean to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it I mean well kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here with you know well my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on well uh this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind uh well of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories okay so. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll um well call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates well well and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a okay um four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just well well what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we uh like are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus like you know is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover um so it in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want so so to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional um okay maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before um um we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P uh you know frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no well like photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I uh so heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man okay okay. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to so so the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but so so also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were like I mean a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't so well get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap well so. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping down so you know the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But I mean like now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those no-good I mean like greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your host okay well Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it I mention it so okay on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray well you know Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you um like. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host like like. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical I mean um Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I so so love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join well you know us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful I mean you know techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective um you know therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their you know um biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich um well full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to okay I mean find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where I mean um their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help conversations okay you know with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically Grace as I mean like we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind and body. This well I mean week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen uh so. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through storytelling uh you know poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic behind words okay like for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today I okay uh affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think you know well fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of um um DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We I mean like got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome you know I mean. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha you know I mean. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's uh so like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women um uh man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to so okay do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole uh um truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? like um Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was okay so just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you know uh you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going well you know to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's I mean okay see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's well okay hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health uh um. All of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when so um we get together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't like uh chatted in a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She I mean like has spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it you know you know whenever I met her and she has spent all these years doing that okay like. So she's going to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had okay I mean a really good discussion. I have to apologize that I have not figured out you know like yet, which I need to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of like you know you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And well I mean we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with you know well taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's so okay tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the so like freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just like you know want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City well you know at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will okay uh be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - okay okay a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play okay I mean that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking like like up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are uh so the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent I mean so in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard um well towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson well okay and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about you know so the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we well well do, I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry uh okay how you doing. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast like I mean to talk about the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half um you know hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back well like where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about like so that for two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that so um Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time well I mean. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good like uh and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I well you know can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about like well the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the you know like most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're well well exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network uh um. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to well uh help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected you know I mean the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for I mean you know free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we I mean like used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins like you know. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with well I mean an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few you know you know weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of right so um now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus has like uh spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting um like to feel it here in the US just this week the World Health Organization um you know put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing uh you know Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how um like worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based I mean you know on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of um you know things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them okay uh to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career uh okay showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan uh well. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for okay like this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm okay I mean Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues you know I mean. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster okay I mean RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling like uh very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her like uh some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you um you know sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for uh I mean you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the well so ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on uh uh the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday okay you know after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang um well right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with so like the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past uh you know. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep so uh your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the um I mean most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there okay um with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for uh well death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred you know like and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far you know so greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in 1921 you know well who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one um well of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from the chair so you know and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the reason so um you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous crime well I mean has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more personal perhaps you've um uh experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, but no I mean I mean you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you're in a like you know good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It well okay happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find I mean I mean us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description like uh below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / okay okay Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared so uh to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm I mean so out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit like I mean fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was uh so just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so okay um Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to uh um hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was I mean uh that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, so like Maggie. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is um I mean Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh okay I mean. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh I mean um my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to okay I mean see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the creative uh okay like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about what it's so so like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also the time so you know you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this podcast like okay as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check us so you know out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's I mean like talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand uh I mean six hundred and ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a well uh level not seen since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right uh like now is can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day I mean uh on 6 September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his like you know den, or at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what so like drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory like okay lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges well I mean a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough okay uh experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along so um you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have okay uh you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been okay well searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general um um when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that um I mean until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name well like is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the um well thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you so well just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would okay well I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have okay uh a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest you know okay was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be okay so nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show uh okay for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll I mean uh The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great you know like. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two episodes in like I mean we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars um uh 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5 well uh. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store so well almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or um okay like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this uh you know that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart well like for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most well you know packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes uh so five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week well so and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on okay like the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way um I mean to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who like you know helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name well um was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She okay I mean grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only I mean well schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she you know you know wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is so so our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope um I mean it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving uh well in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am uh I mean going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is 19 verses um I mean today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless you uh um. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon will um uh probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord like well showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last you know you know night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast uh okay. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community so so of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for okay well us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the so okay subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are okay okay originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those you know you know as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtubecom like well. Phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do and how I mean so you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted okay um to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way uh I mean possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually you know uh having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to like you know record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the well okay packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different you know like software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we uh um need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my so you know computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to you know so make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, I mean I mean you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know I mean I mean that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it well well easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one uh um place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use um okay right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools uh so to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They like uh also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the like well dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast you know um and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast I mean uh with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM I mean uh to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by uh you know giving a fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy like so Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me I mean I mean. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she uh like wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise so um. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks podcast like so. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I uh like am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go okay you know back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was um um a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was um okay some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development like well goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to so um take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast okay uh. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually well you know build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population well okay 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in like um the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working well well out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British so so Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the uh okay water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, so you know uh three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase and you know like I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that dream you know so for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow and I you know so worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really so you know high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two uh so years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than like okay I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned I mean like and the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it was I mean like huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever asked for no okay um not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that uh so I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you like I mean know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t okay okay have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're I mean like just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart well uh. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that okay like question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was uh you know enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to well you know make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's okay okay just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your okay well host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina so I mean is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so I mean um that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We I mean um have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power so well suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you you know I mean seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think okay like it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a JCrew you know well. Model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and well well now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little so like lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and I mean um are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right like so before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, so uh we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of well okay the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name well uh is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be a solo um um pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting and uh I mean we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a lot about the okay like Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be the biggest matchup of you know um the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los um well Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks like uh got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron you know I mean. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about so so anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that like like is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for so you know free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you so like can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast okay um sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might well I mean have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so well like it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You well I mean can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with okay you know anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot um well. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would okay so be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during so so wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a uh uh husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle um okay Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she um um peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as I mean okay she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came well so into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that um okay bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver so so the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing uh like show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles all um um the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about like um a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania you know so is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo okay uh were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was one uh okay of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your so um mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter well I mean of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, like so it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our you know like Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean well like this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody I mean so together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to okay okay be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? uh like Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited well uh about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like like well all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're going okay so to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a so well ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us um like all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited okay um schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how I mean well we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- well you know recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools uh um to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a um okay computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get so well started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt so so get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and okay okay save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film I mean so podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills so well of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is I mean okay right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run um I mean across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of the sort I mean you know of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah like you know is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have a well well giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and you have uh okay to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface I mean so is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around in there and I mean um then I do get if I say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie I mean okay O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot well like of people will talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and uh so she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host um I mean future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and like I mean he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of like well Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well so uh can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good well like to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the goal uh uh is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me I mean so let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start you know I mean out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of you know um people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast well uh and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you you know I mean follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if okay uh you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them well uh offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and like well also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done you know like so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h um uh or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop um like it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a um uh regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have um well had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of so you know one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job uh so for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from I mean well like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my like um mother and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I uh okay think that's for a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds you know well of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it so well hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you know I mean you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your well uh imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow um um. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display in like I mean El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes well uh them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk I mean okay about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week um uh and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not like I mean posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's so like simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know well I mean you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days uh uh that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is you know okay how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan you know I mean your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either like you know avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose so I mean of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um so podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you um um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor I mean uh would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify like so app a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with like uh no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know like download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? so like Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, so you know welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century uh uh BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of so okay all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to you know I mean hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, okay you know you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical like um Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere uh um you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory the um like idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing we can well okay actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think hey, um I mean why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here like so with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be uh you know talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk like you know has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really well I mean popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's okay I mean given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those so I mean teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so um uh a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? so well So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a so like podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is I mean so the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too you know um horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are you know you know bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and um okay re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show well well. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend okay okay the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic okay um building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing like I mean how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a so okay lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily so I mean from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll I mean um probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This okay uh week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app uh okay today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on so uh personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work um you know and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go I mean like to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the so uh one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by I mean okay Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you okay I mean a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you I mean okay go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, well you know you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a so well Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about um you know six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its okay I mean time sitting on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to um uh notice a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that um so person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated you know uh out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the like like river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This okay you know was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it so well. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down well um again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's so uh a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We like uh are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in well um on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a I mean you know sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something I mean well if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and I mean like it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day you know like there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade um like into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in I mean I mean their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must uh like have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this like okay. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking like you know about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, you know okay it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when like um we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift well I mean through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual uh um point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast uh okay. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember um like if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us uh um your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks um like. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water uh well went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round okay like again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about um like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's so so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer uh like. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute so um your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts um okay and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a well you know special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over well okay there? My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay you know I mean. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean okay I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably so I mean accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I I mean well just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to like you know this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I um well think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And so uh I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo um um cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers um well and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show I mean okay for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week including I mean well a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on okay uh Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in well you know the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I also I mean uh love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he hates um I mean horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's the only well okay reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that all you know, well so I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good uh okay the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun of it more so like or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's you know you know my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so um me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you to okay I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast uh uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more okay um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well so you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go uh you know to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip the script I mean you know podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and so okay Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you so um can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's okay so guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according like like to and in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break I mean okay because fitting race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll uh okay be we have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the well okay week after that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly okay so Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I have uh you know before spring break so next week. I just have a presentation for one of uh I mean my classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm not in but well I mean it's just like we're really home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which um okay is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each like um day. So I will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world I mean well because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind okay like of you know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that well I mean I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about well so Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and so like one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and you know uh that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a well you know little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you know um never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on like uh Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever okay I mean and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The so I mean apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done you know like so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse I mean so podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on so I mean there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into um okay today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast okay you know where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey uh okay Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so like like far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked like okay to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear so so the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I like like don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, well like we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was like I mean pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really I mean so cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk I mean so now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after you know uh show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good like okay season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since uh uh season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I you know like could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to I mean well the fart of my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is so you know a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since like you know I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, um uh and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up uh you know guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like uh so you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for months uh well before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast like like and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit well okay and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer well well. It will do all of the work for you put it out on um well Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money with no I mean uh minimum listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one so well place. So here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download um okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started you know uh. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your so uh podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our okay um first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school um you know one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one I mean well of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones I mean um she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I so uh was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But well okay I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me I mean uh as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just I mean you know Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our like well time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today um well. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother well um. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not so uh seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in okay um our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that um like story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going well uh to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing you know um stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness okay uh of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me um um not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive to like um Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores what okay so happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast you know so during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively uh like on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned so like on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary like you know footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not well like best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm you know like Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking uh so about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling I mean you know a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't uh well it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used so okay to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other so well week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you uh okay are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes so okay on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on so you know his sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've okay so got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah okay well. It doesn't really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello you know well. Welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why well you know do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show um well start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a I mean well little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk you know uh about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame like you know incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor I mean I mean family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids well so because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back um you know when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth like well. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to uh like create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in well well the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is to um uh speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable and being like I mean true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite. We believe that true strength you know I mean is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our struggle and we want okay I mean this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we like you know can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights uh okay reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on like okay demand. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a you know like Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've like um got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight okay okay away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself like like to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So like like yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill like um bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect so you know. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm so well not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff so well podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really um okay cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give well so away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like questions uh uh things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply okay so of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going uh you know to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to well so the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the I mean I mean page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe so uh you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different okay you know companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier so I mean maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better well like than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love you you know so catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is not affiliated I mean uh with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to drink and okay you know have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is um so intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want to encourage healing well so and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of like well any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean uh me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record uh like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your you know well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so so many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener I mean you know ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try well you know together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I um I mean was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body I mean okay and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series okay I mean and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to okay like talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, so um but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should uh like talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why um uh not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that you know okay made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately like you know got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive you know like in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you okay I mean grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of well well relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning um I mean so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls go I mean I mean podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out to Miss uh well Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for okay uh changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus um you know just wish that you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and well well here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever uh well. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get a like uh love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back well like to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty cool okay I mean stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would uh um almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not real so um episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going I mean um to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about you know like today and that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then you know uh idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's okay uh a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking uh I mean about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff uh uh came up with one more thing about what we came up with what we okay um what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the uh like anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a uh well podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor okay well for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't well um have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools like well that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your well okay computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you know uh don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like I mean many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody well um loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and like you know I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual well um and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student well you know of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person I mean I mean. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to so you know grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be okay I mean doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to like like heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first well um shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're I mean like right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live to um like neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be okay um a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna go with the um so flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm just I mean like saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies so well great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow you know um up. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I like uh ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring okay well spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted well uh by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to I mean well Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a like uh lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work well uh. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start uh like here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same team okay um record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of uh well the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we you know well want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win well I mean against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and uh well more on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm I mean um here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really well uh good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than um so we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early like like early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, well uh yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right okay I mean. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked okay well over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments so you know and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've I mean um enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of felt happy about uh I mean is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am you know you know because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want uh um to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You you know you know know, what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, uh okay what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing uh okay I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the I mean um free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In uh uh this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I well I mean am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to like so the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences well okay that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a um so story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at um so gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear so so and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going with uh I mean day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a supreme okay like novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra so so 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 to 1 Nick uh you know ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding okay uh him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a stirring for I mean so lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably the best so well form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two so you know wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very so so impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him I mean so. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far uh so this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum you know you know bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts you know you know. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the uh so Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has like uh ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is okay well gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win okay so it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're okay like going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about I mean uh the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit so like. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose I mean like had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls you know I mean on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're I mean you know playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night you know uh toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush I mean okay the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this well um week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari like I mean. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born so I mean in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl okay I mean Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but I mean like soon that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm I mean well going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of so I mean the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to I mean okay the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes well uh About it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz so well right now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know well like response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to you know I mean another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics including like um our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here so like spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking um um up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class as like uh we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty well like funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the okay so caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar I mean like at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us uh uh today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to you know I mean preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not so like in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but um uh bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even I mean like Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where like um the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first well I mean we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a half um uh. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a little odd um so knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof so you know. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably like you know a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our um okay number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there like um were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure well well what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve um like that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So well uh nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a I mean you know thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting like okay down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back okay I mean to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with um you know the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking I mean so sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special so I mean. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on September okay okay 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with okay like rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking like so about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also well okay quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of I mean okay it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I um well have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter well um extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced you know well to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't I mean okay teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the you know like first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something right. So okay well throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in I mean well this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's I mean okay an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like like well sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of uh you know mine and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way I mean I mean he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his you know well writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while you know so where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to um I mean get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till so well now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you um uh will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you I mean um have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is like well your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll uh okay be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go um um for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday well um positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for okay uh joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose I mean okay to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll okay so be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something I um um couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash well so guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for a long so um while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over well okay a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I so okay remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I you know I mean was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have got well like in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate um I mean club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It uh well would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we um like have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, so uh I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? um like Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm you know so trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode uh so set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person okay like and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and I mean uh you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're I mean you know probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to okay okay yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first like uh time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions I mean um that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's okay okay a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not uh I mean like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back okay so to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, uh I mean it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your uh okay balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because um okay your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? you know okay Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that uh well hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children um you know and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace and uh I mean authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer you know like and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am okay like terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & um I mean 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information well um for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a well like high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's so like guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team I mean uh of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the uh I mean world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New I mean so York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine like like artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from I mean you know time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation so well. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly you know so this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, like you know which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not uh you know a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna so so go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially you know well unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and so uh this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or like you know are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How so okay was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons you know I mean. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk like so about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and okay um FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot I mean I mean of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you so I mean listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then so uh move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered you know okay Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and well you know that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm well uh not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try like I mean to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make you know okay life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets uh like and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan like okay McClain streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to um okay the money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining so so us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? well okay Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing well well this this special broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but uh you know we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I like uh are all investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual uh you know investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the okay so parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free I mean okay training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday okay you know. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we like like just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's I mean I mean helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for you know well the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No okay uh. No, it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is well I mean no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk well so in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you uh like into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off you know um right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you so you know guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his well um medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a like so living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk um like a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving okay well Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to um like talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for I mean I mean Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one like um with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and like well the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was okay um the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that I mean like demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to um um be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well like um quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like well so I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang well I mean today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the well uh fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material I mean um change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell like well basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain I mean well. It will surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some uh you know time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about you know I mean the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question I mean you know that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting okay uh of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses you know like look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today well um. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I put so you know my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have well like no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth okay I mean. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be like okay multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will not so you know offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion of well uh my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen well well unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who well so has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World um okay Cup winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring you know uh UCLA match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's so well okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got uh like the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is okay um up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be well well Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a like okay somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden um like to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how well you know many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a you know you know person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or well okay series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying you know um causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They I mean so had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, well well but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the so well shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out like so of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick well okay shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to okay okay my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a you know so podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground I mean well. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how um I mean do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the like you know apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, like uh I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor I mean um. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast well okay and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's um so the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and uh you know there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from um you know your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple you know like and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can I mean uh make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You um um gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you uh well need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor um I mean on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the I mean well madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in like I mean YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're you know well doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a um um little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use so um the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many okay like different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from well well your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free you know um anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master well so jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save I mean I mean 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is well like the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to uh you know be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about uh I mean this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant um uh energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome well I mean to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual like you know Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth like like in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's I mean um that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him okay um limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man okay so who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all about I mean uh living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me I mean like and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening okay I mean you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it uh you know all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, uh well of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I okay okay always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it I mean um like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's I mean uh last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because you know like it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber joined like you know by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting okay so over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to okay uh recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right direction. I well well think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the mend we uh I mean did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and you like uh were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it out for okay you know our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for this you know uh episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're following us on you know I mean our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things over there doing so um daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this uh well stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all well uh about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of uh you know all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just well well dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things like well with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your you know so podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now I mean so is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after um well you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I so like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't have you know uh to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money well like off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no so uh minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man well you know. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make uh well a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know uh me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit um okay your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for like well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you know uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make uh well a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of okay um my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties like I mean are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody uh um else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with uh um her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within a month okay um my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had I mean um an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has well well made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be so so explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become uh uh more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such you know you know an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny um so or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what so like they would like and as a man this is important to your success like so. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want uh um to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can uh so lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the um so deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person um like who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not you know so going to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little I mean well bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five okay uh to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring you know well this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout well like fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely to like um be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had okay like our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our okay so amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be so well fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first like so we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last well you know week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys well I mean want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So okay you know myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we well I mean got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so well you know it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you uh so there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die okay well of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a so you know man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested well like this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison okay well and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, okay like but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of you know um murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life so um in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here I mean uh at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do uh okay something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if I mean um they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to you know well pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, I mean okay they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm well uh sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another so you know official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two okay okay Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share so well with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this I mean uh weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom okay well from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of so I mean philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through uh I mean this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the uh um film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when you know you know they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it well uh for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well I mean me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and you know so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for okay well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you um I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make uh okay podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get well you know started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant you know uh presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, maybe okay I mean it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the okay okay tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T um uh starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for so okay their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday like I mean funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save okay uh this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional uh okay comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of so um humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this okay I mean is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday I mean like funny is I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you you know I mean gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam uh like cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? well like Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in so uh the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a you know so while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very so you know very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community okay I mean. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do uh you know that? We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really okay so believe that you can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, I mean so then that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain uh you know sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan well like Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check so um out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify uh so only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to uh um the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes like like descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't so well believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital um okay Management. And this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a you know okay half in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International like so equities as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought I mean well it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills you know I mean aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on uh well the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking um um to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you um well very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by uh okay the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be like well about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments well um account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about um okay blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed okay like off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was like I mean only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do you know uh before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could well you know just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly okay um say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the you know uh top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to uh well 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay uh okay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports uh okay events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen well well free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer um well sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern so like Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr you know like. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the so so founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people uh uh overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week like well as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for uh I mean effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective I mean well therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they so um overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live uh uh a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks so you know to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards you know um areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth um well for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where uh like to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary like so. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my well I mean boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why like I mean do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, um um like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you um I mean not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the app like okay that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first got well okay started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app you okay uh download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that like so allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor well um will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard I mean okay on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an well I mean apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can make like you know money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need I mean um to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making a you know like podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to I mean like Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you well uh this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on uh you know Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie okay uh Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And well uh all it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song okay well for me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, okay uh first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to you know okay go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my you know um favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message like like on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the I mean okay love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to I mean uh get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in so I mean your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the um you know joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are okay okay actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event I mean uh because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those you know uh life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off so like if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot I mean so is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books you know so. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all I mean like going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything uh I mean from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um you know me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but uh well not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's uh okay no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it um I mean works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no so you know money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want I mean like to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit like um your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your I mean like podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you so okay can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that well you know any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast like uh in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to I mean um an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were uh I mean young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted you know I mean to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks I mean you know for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment I mean I mean their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm okay uh super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as uh I mean well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP okay you know because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to like okay you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and okay uh health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in uh well your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life well I mean spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from you know you know people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for um well us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go like like dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked well I mean about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating uh like when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am well so genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor well okay five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by you know uh day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please I mean uh. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards guard uh so investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have okay you know some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and there so you know are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait um like to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My you know so name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful so well guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of I mean uh course all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you like I mean doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I I mean I mean should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I okay you know began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how you know like to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so um like complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m okay so is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me um well. Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing okay okay a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can so like always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release for you know um me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography well so and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to so okay the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the I mean okay shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training you know you know gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but okay um I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music uh I mean and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these musical so so landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be or when it so like will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a while okay uh and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the like I mean choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in the okay um music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related so like to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our okay like bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode well uh of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm you know okay crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent so well and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address like you know that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been so um a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the uh I mean Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant I mean like governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you well like a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record you know um my podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation well um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay you know or your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear uh like it on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money I mean well from your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really I mean like everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it uh like really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app um you know or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling uh well you it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into so okay creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes well I mean. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning and okay um welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few minutes uh um. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some I mean um inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of I mean so God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for uh uh your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient so uh and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy uh um to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well uh me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and like uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for okay okay you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you like like can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you like uh need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo I mean um the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm I mean so so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion like uh assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much okay I mean money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your well so personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name uh so is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear you know well talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am well well not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, well okay Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed well so Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we so I mean grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 uh so 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a so you know throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime so um when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon okay like Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from well I mean modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st uh okay. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm uh you know the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance uh well. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today. It's like okay very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some you know like stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were in our like well Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the um well MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this uh uh week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do some things so I mean that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and you know okay it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of I mean like you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal you know um spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My you know you know name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful so you know with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with uh well practical tools to create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to so okay this episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our well you know special guest today is Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion uh I mean practitioner and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a I mean so fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic like like of forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well so I mean is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's okay I mean everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just you know you know stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, so okay guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would um okay you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm so okay still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest uh I mean lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So I mean so that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a so well baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for estheticians I mean like. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective okay well. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys well well in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the well I mean treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren you know you know. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a so so few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure okay um we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but uh like we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles so um. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which you know well is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my okay okay daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On okay uh this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's well so kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have you know well for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This episode so like were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video you know like as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording okay okay this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about so you know nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a uh okay music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians okay um that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask okay uh them questions about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal I mean like angle. So we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us you know you know to create and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live so okay in a music Society. I am so so excited for this episode well like. So I'm going to get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's well well someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made um uh with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on like I mean your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the like well only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since I mean I mean 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan like uh. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has okay so the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm you know I mean. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in um like the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted so like all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what you know so I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting so so your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor okay okay FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a I mean uh creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your well so phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you know well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from okay okay your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one okay like place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type like so in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl like I mean lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected so okay instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney well okay plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at uh so BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the okay well green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that well I mean was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly well like what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be um so seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of okay like loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite so I mean a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at you know um least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the like uh upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like well I mean to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe well well for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie I mean uh news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like you know I mean to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night so okay toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your so you know brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about okay like heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior well you know Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled so I mean over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti I mean I mean people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and show Paul you know I mean took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli and Welcome okay you know to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to get it so so started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that you know okay fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's just the like okay boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why not let our like so viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on well so topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm like uh already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's um uh there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a you know so series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale like uh for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want like uh to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today I mean um and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True well like Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th you know you know 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in uh well Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby I mean so after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going um so to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're um so gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have so well no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then uh like we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely well uh honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt well you know a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot you know uh of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a well well what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what um okay we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger uh okay. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going um well on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more I mean like than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes you know like. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you okay so really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so um so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before uh I mean we get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to well uh talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a um well daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means okay you know to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18 so uh. So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our okay well inner self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for like like us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not uh I mean to the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen you know so for the things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's okay uh anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like so a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, you know like it can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh uh podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch like okay craft have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for so well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would so like download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in um uh order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you well um you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything so okay that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always like I mean wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download um I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor like um anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All uh okay right, this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation okay so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your um uh phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be I mean okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are so I mean really cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to okay uh help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you like so to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you I mean you know need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested um um in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or so like go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA um well Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so so I mean what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like okay uh them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on okay you know top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast so I mean that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has well uh smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while like so and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we um okay thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help well you know a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action uh okay. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our um um conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable uh like form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically okay so introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you like like actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve well like into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where well so personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a okay uh wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We um I mean find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables uh I mean. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for um I mean this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some um uh of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our you know I mean family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, um so you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi okay so KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show like okay notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but okay well I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know like I mean an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear like well it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me like I mean every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes like I mean I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen like um to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without I mean you know a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you you know you know can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can I mean you know download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening uh so to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be so I mean sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or well like browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So well you know you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition well so of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show um so. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your I mean well questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I mean like I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my well well coach because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and so well how hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to well I mean fall into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A you know you know way, which I know better than to do but I just kind of like uh got caught in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my you know okay coach said something to me so very profound and the shift that it you know like has created since then has been so powerful that he just knew that I uh like had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker link um so and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for okay so the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too um well. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind of uh you know beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with we got the so I mean doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's okay you know our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but um okay mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it I mean okay was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this I mean well one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford well um copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help I mean uh you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road like okay. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today like well is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader I mean I mean. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the like you know Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused like okay the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you you know okay have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help like okay on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two okay okay board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the okay well important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for okay you know the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you uh well need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm I mean okay your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women okay like to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this well you know episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money okay um sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through okay okay our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as well uh other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are you know okay thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to uh well leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, um I mean but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with I mean okay like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and I mean okay then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up um I mean. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend uh uh and she just like got right and did not try to get to know me like well at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, like I mean let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's okay so do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right um uh down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like um like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? like like And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and well well she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's okay uh word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply like so on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of um um meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to um I mean tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So like um please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee I mean um podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly I mean so B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like you know I mean listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee well uh with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about well like this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers I mean um. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your like so question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have um well the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these um I mean episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here uh you know if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you well well today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This um you know is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with uh so me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out um so the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked you know like. Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being so uh polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into uh uh the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I well well feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say uh so like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or um so 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like I mean okay tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know so like why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why uh um because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means well well. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and okay uh I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is okay I mean gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's uh so been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a while okay I mean now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the uh um thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right uh like. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of I mean well it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying well uh to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll you know uh get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you I mean um know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always you know so date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this so you know all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief okay I mean. What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a so like good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I you know uh woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked like so out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late I mean uh. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and um you know then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined I mean well today by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? well um - oh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? you know uh I just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises I mean like munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of you know okay getting over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking uh I mean today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so okay uh tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack so you know up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called you know I mean anchor which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives well well you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio you know so is exceptional. There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute I mean uh the out your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just um like download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started well uh that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome uh I mean to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in you know I mean Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a you know um name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind you know uh of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast well you know at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I mean I mean I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's um I mean everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts I mean uh that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What well you know have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my you know like throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and I mean like thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here okay okay in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a co-working you know like space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of people uh like who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not that well like we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is about so okay coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the Thumbs Up um like And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast you know I mean or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if you know like you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, so um we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful like I mean entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your you know you know free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right so okay here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous. Hi. I was like so here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's uh uh fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the like um youngest son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off uh I mean the southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he um well tried to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked you know well a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to um so an uncertain fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but well so we're looking for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is I mean you know now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other well I mean Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being um so broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain I mean um Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind like well the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into well so bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather uh um a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and okay so say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What well so up? My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find so okay us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, so um what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that uh like easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more well uh targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got well uh done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy so I mean. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here like um soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson so okay Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are well like you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me like you know and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I you know like originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment okay so for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on okay um such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home so well both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals like well this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just so uh tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues okay like with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my I mean uh first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you like you know so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking I mean um the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not I mean uh take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after uh okay a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard like like place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and um um for me to take a few steps back and really realize what are the I mean I mean gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact to make an um okay impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this okay I mean desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor um I mean its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's you know uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so well phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be like I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from like like your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in well well one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to so so Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again like so. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am you know I mean joined by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before well um. I know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country I mean well needs is a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we you know well need a monarch with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some okay okay like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how well um much better would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every you know um like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we I mean um have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, uh I mean right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job so well is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first uh I mean fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting um okay your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is okay so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools like okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer um so. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple um you know podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum well okay listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the so well free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll I mean um learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best okay I mean deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and okay okay one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free you know you know. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from uh you know your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can you know well be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your uh um podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make okay I mean podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very like so first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you know well you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you just you know so heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new um um release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called um um Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've okay okay ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place well uh I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast I mean like and get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks okay like of the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast like um and many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it well I mean from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I like um want to do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you I mean like with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do it. All I okay I mean can't think of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a you know uh pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot like so. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you okay okay can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit well you know of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose you know okay here. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this okay so podcast is going to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe well okay and get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super so uh kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading uh uh listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I well so thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some okay well tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening so I mean to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow you know well him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where uh so you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the you know so Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery uh you know size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing well I mean to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam uh I mean Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community so like in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly um okay something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for well you know it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little you know I mean bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So you know uh let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've uh okay always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is well um to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and uh um other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary I mean well stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of like uh urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam so okay and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can uh um go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know uh you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like you know I mean I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of uh so Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about uh so the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for like okay Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets okay well globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one you know like always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought okay um to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend so uh reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He okay like was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me um like download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the I mean I mean easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to so like be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how like I mean to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where I mean I mean we talk to you about how you can start and grow your like like hardscaping business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where well I mean every day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO so okay for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you well uh need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show up okay you know as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it I mean um getting into creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something um so that I've been working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating uh well websites and how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of so so websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the uh I mean boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little uh um bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I I mean well will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a you know you know podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you like um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute um um your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my well you know bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like like. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this you know okay rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got been you know like your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got you know you know four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good so you know and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you know okay you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and okay well anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if uh like you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts like okay right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh you know uh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West so um Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here okay you know Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where I mean like we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on the um like deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you like okay all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners um well. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi I mean so Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make um you know the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai uh um time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross so I mean rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell um I mean given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an like well investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago like like. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New Zealand and you know uh they said can you comment on an article that we're writing for our website where well so they were showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental like okay yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment you know like and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where uh um we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining uh I mean us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are celebrating um so women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so we like well thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what uh like could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I know in like um a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of news that I mean well was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might be like like nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people well well haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across uh I mean an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler so I mean in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are so you know the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy like so this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, okay you know you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that well like stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me okay so. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon okay you know with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the I mean like top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of well well us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want uh so to do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and okay like travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right well well for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you like you know please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really like uh help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and uh like we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week um okay on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success like so webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the okay I mean unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be you know so doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation well okay whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone uh um to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart I mean well. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you well well might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current you know well phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our you know like 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk well well about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, okay I mean but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really so um don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my like uh frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I so like said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make uh you know sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show well okay up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say I mean so thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy in like so your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we have well um to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be you know um seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what um like is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my like uh father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone I mean okay Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is I mean you know Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm um okay doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk okay okay now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a crazy I mean well episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so um well far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged um okay 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their you know I mean normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at I mean like the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class well uh president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please well well start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo so I mean tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some um okay thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host like like because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what um okay a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about uh well Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it well well without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We I mean okay also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to I mean uh purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's uh um get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking um you know fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC I mean um media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire okay you know and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things uh you know New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year um so. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've I mean I mean been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about so um you guys. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, uh uh yeah, so I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years like okay. Then I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode okay I mean. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that like so you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you so okay or a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional okay well counselor and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an so so online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and so okay disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so much okay well that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute okay I mean of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to you know uh the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from okay well current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on well like conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We like um also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we okay so have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our uh okay listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will like um join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so well uh guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have well so something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as like like well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on you know okay this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're okay like well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this um uh week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really like okay surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good well I mean at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like so like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so like I mean I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges okay like. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you like uh your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want uh well to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life well you know gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the well okay hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go so well to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last you know well time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of you know I mean like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and well uh things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super you know I mean loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, okay um then there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That so so is the team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority well uh owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets so like into my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a uh uh startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really uh like fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's you know so in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating like you know and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast forever I mean you know ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is like uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally like well free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record you know I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast so okay for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms I mean um you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys uh um. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, you know uh please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get um so started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or you know like Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you okay I mean follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that okay so I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of you know so God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking so well at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using I mean uh and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart I mean I mean behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously so okay avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I okay okay am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down uh you know. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you you know you know suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right so like. Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a okay I mean whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like okay so get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it uh I mean back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat so well your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking like uh babka last week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I well okay spend the weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of well like a panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be okay okay back right now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've you know uh invited Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in okay like this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the like uh vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update like like. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I well um was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there like like was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking like so Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free I mean okay this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, okay okay I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time okay you know guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you know you know okay about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor like so makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has okay I mean all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your like like phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher um like wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even okay uh if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure like so to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot I mean okay. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks you know so. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw you know um him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so um you know good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it so like was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing you know okay. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always um okay like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing okay you know while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor so I mean. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a you know you know sin a coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already um so got the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand um um up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you so you know listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of so uh my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick so okay like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not well um have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start you know like listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn you know so and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told the I mean well coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have okay so fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA they Daddy um I mean with him when I went to the NFL. They took their daddy with them when you know so they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been uh uh to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective uh okay on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me okay so today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support okay you know and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank um uh you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall so okay of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today okay you know and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development okay well productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and so you know get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app well okay and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by dr. CK Bray like like written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston introduction when okay okay people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully say I you know so have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of okay you know my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see so you know is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start I mean you know. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm um um excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to say like I mean that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and then and uh so there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't quite um well sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for quite some you know like time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a like so pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm so you know definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you okay I mean who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert well um or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult okay uh development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to okay uh this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of the uh like 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the well um last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't well so just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also um I mean because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk so so for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy okay um. Now. What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is well okay that people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us you know you know medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to well like become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical uh you know profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it so I mean that we are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had so well our you know, older brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody okay you know with a when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and um you know then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV you know I mean Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was well uh insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but so okay we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh um okay my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up so um and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on this episode um like that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and Madison, which well um was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for a uh uh little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about you know okay to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You I mean like need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have okay you know to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know well like. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves um like and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits well well are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to like okay another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for um well strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and like um cultivating your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your you know well guides the real you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be like you know helping each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power you know so of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you um so want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon uh okay Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you so you know want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do uh um that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or you know so ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind uh okay of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s you know okay. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about you know I mean the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost okay um synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity um um criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known uh okay organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the only game in you know well town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good uh um a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person well you know. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is like okay nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the so okay kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and you know like last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and you know well next week. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I so um believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with uh uh your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning uh like in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why so um when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, well you know let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD like well for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off you know uh at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a so I mean clinic Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to I mean so the Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I was okay so able to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, you know I mean we had follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more okay um than five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're uh like able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really like okay tired at this point because they've been here for a while and then uh you know I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This so so is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host like like a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let so you know you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have well you know a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one uh uh of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew you know okay couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here okay um buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and okay uh friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for I mean well it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is like uh to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make okay you know time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near like like you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom I mean well. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve so okay into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get like um started right away. The first question that came from our members this year and some so uh of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? okay well Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and so uh bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew well okay up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have like so our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from I mean so poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from um so pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this so um episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to I mean you know our third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to well I mean be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to like so do this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a well okay had a dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first um uh episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with you know like pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better well you know understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the like uh frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a you know um time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds and well um of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then I went uh okay to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth grade, I mean I mean and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able like okay to put a finger on we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest you know um Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The I mean so knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information so like that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your um I mean eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And you know okay in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating an avoidant? like so Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my channel every okay uh day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with so so Dylan and Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now okay well. We just filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie I mean you know Jacobs from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast like uh. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your um um emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart well I mean. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are you know I mean just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just okay uh going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these well so situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you you know so what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do um okay combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all I mean like that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine so like with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand like so new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until uh you know then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters uh I mean and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice I mean you know columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question you know so about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question um so in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single like uh mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person well like. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters I mean okay on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research well you know and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular well you know basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from uh okay the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in I mean uh terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different um so parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at okay um extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved you know like to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning I mean um in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out okay like there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to like okay my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball good dude, um so old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a you know well lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so you know so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, okay I mean thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G well I mean show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, uh like I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and so um ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be okay I mean real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk like um to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick how well uh they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you back you know you know to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because I well uh had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas okay like and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they like like kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on you know okay the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman with no um okay self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make because of uh so my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome everyone. My you know you know name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where uh um we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our uh uh listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So well so today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes so well only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice like okay all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not uh well necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to like uh Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference you know so pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other so I mean alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such you know um they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam so uh Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of like uh unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World uh so. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse well okay podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of okay well Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is uh I mean to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others like you know across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques so you know is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data you know um science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have I mean um had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief uh I mean summary of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions okay okay you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is well okay all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space uh like to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me you know you know in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold like okay and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of uh well love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have for okay okay friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the things that could uh so mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever you know uh. We want love to be and you would also be talking about any kind so uh of growth for me a career to a physical state to your Total emotional state um like because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day okay well is the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective I mean I mean meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry like like speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an well well anglo-french or Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be okay like confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and like okay importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance uh so. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add you know well momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode of I mean like the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members so well on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going well uh down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I well like got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just so okay mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's okay so a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this well like is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the well uh heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to well um get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is one um um of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up uh so on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk you know well. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made you know you know a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here like you know maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, uh okay I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this okay like Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups you know uh. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual okay like this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again okay so. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and well you know you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless I mean you know. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just like I mean didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show um well me a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit so well him with an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, okay you know you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, you know like we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today like well. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and I mean you know we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast piece of well I mean advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for creating your so I mean own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast right well I mean from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most major I mean I mean podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if okay okay podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go um like to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a well okay couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know so like update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that like well that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you um well know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when uh I mean I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason like so obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard like uh care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully well like designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to you know like promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire so well order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the um so show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't well like recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on so you know the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace uh um and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks okay uh each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast um you know. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation so you know tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone uh well or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can so uh be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make uh um money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank uh like you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking you know well of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized uh uh and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you I mean um watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show you know um me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's you know like a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound okay well quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is so like because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole okay I mean life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle you know you know of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's uh uh all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do you know well this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk um you know to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, you know you know obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council you know okay for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit okay you know British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance uh um podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our so uh program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British so okay Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all okay well linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently okay I mean working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where okay like your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, well uh I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? uh well Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on um uh anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me so well explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you well well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will okay well distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts uh so and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor I mean like Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in well so one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to um um Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for so so the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo I mean you know for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out um I mean. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at so like night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I well you know don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used like um to kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch you know you know break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every I mean you know night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be okay uh talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred well uh Capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if like well you buy an existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years um well it requires a new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder well well. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens well uh it's not something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something uh like that needs to happen if every couple of months, so I not months every like you know couple of decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our okay well attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it is um I mean nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not well you know on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been well like working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I you know uh we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat um okay us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her okay uh birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of well so Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like uh uh my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can I mean well unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to okay so celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to I mean well finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I I mean uh have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit okay so to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book you know I mean series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining so uh the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting you know I mean your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm uh so coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some well well of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of you well you know guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but today uh I mean we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 so you know and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're you know so going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope you uh okay guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments before coming into I mean like my garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the sun just I mean um baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually kind of I mean uh a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm getting um like out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right so okay after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold days well uh freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're so okay just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of um so course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own okay well horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world you know so. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to I mean so make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need you know well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better like well Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on you know you know Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make you know I mean a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download like okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for like so the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle well uh up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to so you know the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're um like going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are I mean so falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right uh I mean that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going well like to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost you know okay to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on uh I mean an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are well okay you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been uh like a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode okay okay. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because I I mean okay will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then you'll uh like remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am so so when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll um you know be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or like you know perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees um okay trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and uh okay so on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know um I mean about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your you know so hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When like um we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical you know well approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking you know well at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities uh like we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place okay well suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from uh um heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to uh okay be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them so okay. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other you know you know tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every uh so nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when I uh um found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always thought that was like um like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull well well up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of I mean so wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would uh uh you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've okay okay guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I uh you know didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They like I mean are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate well I mean what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based so I mean on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing I mean uh House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries uh like to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time like uh with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be um like reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here like okay. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of Israel I mean uh has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on um uh their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough um well to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how okay okay you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before so I mean the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have been you know um married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no well uh student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a like so hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to um uh fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can so okay use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas well I mean come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting you know um Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education okay well and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to okay uh those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed okay you know some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and so so more of us are expected to be creative as part of our so I mean jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate you know so constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to okay well tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about I mean uh ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You so like are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so um uh glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow well well from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught well so the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us I mean like. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times okay um should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need okay like more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the you know well Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There so I mean are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is like like to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If okay you know you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me well well explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your you know so podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually well uh make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need um well to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free you know well anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to um like take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and uh well I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the okay well truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers so well or those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how I mean like to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is uh you know going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth so I mean out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if okay you know you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and I mean okay as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's um like the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free um okay. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow um uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor I mean well will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well like and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never okay like heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum okay okay listenership. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked uh um a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that uh I mean podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh okay get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining okay I mean The True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda um so. Thanks for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this well well wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started uh well today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, so so there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the I mean um kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in this you know I mean household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch not walk um well on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it. Do you know I mean not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So when you catch I mean well them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just uh you know can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you so well catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes you know okay. I was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are uh I mean near appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac well like truth. You understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we you know I mean just out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the so well deception. You already know. No, we have a few subject we go get into today I mean you know and talk about it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus um okay one that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world I mean so. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host well I mean development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform okay you know dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever I mean well episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's I mean you know a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and okay I mean Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties well like and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to well uh any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was well I mean done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your um okay hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about okay uh The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's so um Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's okay well aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 like okay and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture so um and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we okay like ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you would uh um use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to three uh so strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I wanted to um um respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that way um like but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His baby you know you know daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried okay like. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything um you know is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to so uh give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all well um of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium I mean um account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one like so you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never I mean well miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And so okay if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no well okay matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download okay so the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the um um your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking like um of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships uh like daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot I mean I mean of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the okay okay Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would um so be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast like um I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table uh um each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing so um the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to uh well safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare you know I mean in the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism I mean um at the University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm so okay studying media and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year um uh. What is the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, you know okay I understand from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students you know so applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm uh I mean reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique you know like Joven. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about I mean you know Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with um I mean you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and when I mean um we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're uh um going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off well well with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on uh you know to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should you know you know talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you so I mean were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, okay I mean yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for well so two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and you know uh un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they so I mean also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very like I mean great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was like you know really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus I mean um of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I um so also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy well so. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an over so so the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical uh well pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I so so that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? you know so I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, I mean like you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid you know um because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you you know so ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose uh uh dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like you know um 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's okay well whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow I mean well could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today um um. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought so uh you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I like um know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I um um guess we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster uh uh. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just um um the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two like you know guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like well okay coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah you know okay fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's you know you know a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you for okay so coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I so well make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the uh um tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I um um do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just well um the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted um uh us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed so I mean with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all okay um the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with our okay I mean sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the law you know I mean of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter so you know where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an I mean I mean incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in like I mean sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle I mean uh Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host uh um I'm breath stock was there and I am also here we are three and one I mean like after a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like well um it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know I mean I mean about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the I mean you know game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the um okay dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done I mean uh that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope uh like. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I so um cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes um like with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health so uh. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we um I mean talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like I mean I mean it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health you know so the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session. It so so was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we like I mean couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto well well my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at things like clicks you know uh. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has any so we're okay okay just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still enjoy Listen I mean like to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll onto the so uh normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk about um so things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of so uh getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the you know so tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be well okay hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got like okay hired twice by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this uh so podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and um like 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in like okay here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a you know like very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together well uh before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time well so off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that well I mean we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against towards the I mean you know evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be done um okay for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc you know I mean it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning well so. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a i you guys. I well well know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to go back and uh um like know I hate school. I don't think they really do like I think like you know they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the I mean so definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video okay I mean about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in like so English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like like you know Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at uh so all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like I mean well German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds I mean I mean and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor um you know. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor um uh and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so well so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only okay I mean record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll well I mean also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify um I mean Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and on so well top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's so you know free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money you know so anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum well I mean amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor so like dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the you know uh summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am okay um your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot so uh to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to uh like talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all um I mean the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait well uh to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier I mean you know then who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going like um to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going so uh to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and uh uh what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my um like co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where the like like Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going well I mean into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position generally when okay so looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer we you know um will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft like like has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go about this so uh rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're like well listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised um uh this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We uh like advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something I mean you know wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On you know you know October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by you know I mean a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we I mean uh should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you well well seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize like you know you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness listener like like discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been so uh asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, but it like you know was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over okay well his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would leave him be I mean well all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and keep his well I mean eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our well so yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has like I mean come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and like okay blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join uh uh to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond uh you know produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut like like milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water you know you know discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink you know well is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know um okay what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're uh you know the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get uh uh you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get like okay started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app okay I mean or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own you know well podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk I mean um about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make like uh it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the you know like get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on so okay your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will okay um discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators um uh to 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear uh uh. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the so well last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High so you know honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take okay okay some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this um so is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March you know I mean. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you so like by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based uh I mean on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and uh okay youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in I mean like your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily um you know devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm uh I mean chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in uh uh trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for I mean um my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the you know okay stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv like so troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you okay you know never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready you know uh for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and uh like your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto like okay who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 I mean um that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux um I mean Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you know okay you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm okay well doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the um uh time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to you know uh since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided probably um like when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that I mean so we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a little okay okay better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode um like. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to like okay come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the okay like sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can I mean uh feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a okay I mean seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm so okay one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan like okay. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This like so is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second you know I mean. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his like uh I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his um so regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my okay um co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, like you know please. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we well so talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be I mean so fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with okay um we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one you know um and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk you know uh about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I well I mean hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is you know well today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good um like. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you I mean okay for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little bit of like okay context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I uh like saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each like so other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens uh okay. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16 like so. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide okay so. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the I mean so same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to I mean I mean head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you um I mean get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot well uh cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love citycom like so. And then also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful uh okay products for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product okay okay for you. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16 uh uh. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show so okay operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive uh you know research, but ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every so I mean kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group okay I mean to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds I mean uh of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by um um legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys I mean okay podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little I mean I mean bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will uh uh admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a okay so podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you you know so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your I mean uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my you know so bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's okay okay everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling I mean okay. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So okay I mean like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome well well back Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm you know well drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I you know well live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay well uh. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet well uh peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him well you know. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's a I mean like budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet and you know uh he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior um like Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And uh well this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's um you know personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more um uh than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province I mean like. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They so um collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our you know um office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing like uh a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast well so. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there like okay my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going over well I mean all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it um well is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we uh uh are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest well well today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where okay well to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at well um Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave um like us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if uh uh you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at I mean like all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel I mean well Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading well um shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled okay well Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on okay um Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its you know well cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username well like saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the you know like show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor so okay show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The so well show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a like uh villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single okay so season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity like well and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to you know so encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know you know Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, uh uh I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had okay uh only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to you know well do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click okay okay post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all okay I mean the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need well like to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need I mean well to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some you know um come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want well you know to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to uh okay my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week on Choppers like I mean. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin heroines like like are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and achievements. But first, um so let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a long long time ago okay so in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered well I mean something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman like like ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her husband okay uh Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra I mean so the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in like so a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of um you know Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders okay you know every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's most uh so bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to you know like the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions okay so of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas like well real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty okay um good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New well you know Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've been so well working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name so like is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of you know like altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it uh I mean says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we okay okay explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body okay okay to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's um okay kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording like um on a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what like well day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does like you know that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you okay I mean think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, uh like that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have uh okay Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special so well podcast seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special you know okay on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight uh okay into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction well okay to those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in okay like the City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm I mean well or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge well like fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long well like as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every um like topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all so uh of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow I mean like your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to I mean so listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on okay I mean Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for you know I mean the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to okay okay follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve I mean you know firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the you know I mean mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair well okay. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it I mean like was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken so um down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very you know I mean very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan okay okay to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital so so K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were okay you know friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me um okay how we do it how we get it out there how we record it well I mean. And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we um so would have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and you know I mean it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by like I mean far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In so well one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment like I mean or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right uh uh there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation tools. You um uh need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we didn't have well I mean a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest you know um way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record I mean like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for so um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can like um make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need well well to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go you know well to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is okay uh Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the like like ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you I mean you know doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I you know I mean love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you uh you know. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you like so know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to well okay follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times um okay we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got so so to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all uh I mean those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had you know well great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel media well like marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die out here I mean okay. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio like um where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls so uh to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this week because well so we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our app um well to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have like you know one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce well so yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest so so names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in I mean uh construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired okay like the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville you know like fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor well so practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to uh so be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a like uh bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers okay okay. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished okay so something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and um uh foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be so I mean possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff like um in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out like so to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now I mean okay but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a um so lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal uh okay. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due uh okay to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast. HR like like doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply has like okay to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business uh uh value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel like like discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in you know I mean San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to um I mean develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six um well years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial so I mean RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous uh okay guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously I mean so held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control I mean well. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take you know you know control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you know uh you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now I mean you know. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is so you know the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and okay well its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about okay like is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You well uh feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and you know okay fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the main well I mean ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor okay so. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I um I mean use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other like okay custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed so uh guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have a free um okay company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going you know okay on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create I mean like anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom like you know you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers uh um needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming your okay um way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and okay well I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you know, so okay my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're good um I mean. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I well um love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and um uh seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way in well uh our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks for I mean uh that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your like uh own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest okay I mean way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that I mean uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute like so your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like you know many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you so well need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app um well or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to join uh okay in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube you know I mean channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at okay well 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips uh okay and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the I mean like ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically well well this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast you know you know all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you um so upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify okay you know your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or if you want uh um to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I um well have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to you know I mean what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on uh well board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we you know so are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note so well books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I well I mean want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another um you know story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but um you know I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If well I mean you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in so I mean London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th like um 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo for like okay you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss uh uh in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row you know okay prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have you know I mean to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in you know so. Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them well I mean Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and so I mean Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come I mean well up against the team and they play three teams on this west I mean you know coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string uh uh and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic so um of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In well uh other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things you know uh that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that um um they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well okay you know first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There so so are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want um you know to be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some well well dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and I mean uh there's just obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both like well of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our so uh name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the bag. And well you know the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in I mean uh our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, that's what okay so it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this that is not you know like the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love of I mean uh public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we see what so well we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess anyway, so I uh uh am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account well like and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice like okay of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to um well do the show? Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if well okay you're an app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the I mean like introduction to get her ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we I mean so choose a subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait like um the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days well okay at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I well uh welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man taking like so your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to talk uh you know about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called cryotherapy uh um cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just a very okay like small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me. Maybe three uh I mean maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word hormesis. Okay well so for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're adding you know so a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial so um effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic I mean so effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast uh I mean and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities so well. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to well well read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, so I mean we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this um well podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's well okay are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction uh uh of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking so well the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're you know well a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were old okay you know enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast. I'm so okay wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about Dan okay okay for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me like um as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we well okay could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure I mean like. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing you know well show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush like so the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week uh well where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're um so talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, okay you know but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah I mean uh that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny so um was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the well uh news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary like you know footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo um so 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made uh so camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different well okay Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over um I mean and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the I mean well tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by so um anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best um you know of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can so I mean match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you so so can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right like okay now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using I mean so incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's um you know very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to um I mean cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well um you know. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing um so it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start I mean well Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we um okay host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking well um to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started I mean I mean this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right uh um from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you I mean uh can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the like I mean most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered like uh and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place uh uh podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a you know um little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to you know like make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your um I mean app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started like I mean. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is I mean well Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is like okay blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth you know okay AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual name um I mean. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll well uh like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names you called ho um well over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho so I mean Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it you know like because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network um uh. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and I mean well practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the so um divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's you know um very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if well I mean you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind okay you know of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk uh like about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a like um podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and you know okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your okay like podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie I mean uh case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum like you know listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free well um anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take so um care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's so I mean some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're okay I mean going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call so like it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top you know um featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel like I mean movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie uh like news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, um well we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about well um spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D uh like divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the well well akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today uh I mean. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being um like welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so well I mean much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get like well started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding uh uh brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's well well me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to like so yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, well so we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a well uh break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan um okay a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off well okay planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of okay you know planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording you know like from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we so I mean will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the intro well well song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in our I mean well basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank um um you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week. It's so um um humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me because well I mean my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be a little uh I mean different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a you know like little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man I mean um Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th like I mean or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th okay I mean. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that like I mean first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try okay okay to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following uh uh practices that are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five okay so open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's like like and in the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage okay so point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get well like a or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because so um you can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually you know um set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football like like fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to okay uh Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week well uh 29 joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head so well of news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave I mean I mean despite not touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? so uh Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about like uh half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the um like people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the impression so like you're not from from the fact you have a lot of players on I mean I mean your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you you know well guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk like okay about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since I mean I mean the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in I mean um case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too so like much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling with so you know post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that so uh they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there you know um on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what like like we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of I mean okay fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go like like to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean you know like like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean like uh and church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to like you know be had about, you know, the the death of the black church in the black community well okay. E in the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you so okay know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here uh okay but every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't I mean so definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, like okay but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we you know um explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of well okay Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves you know okay off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER okay I mean ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on well well your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to like uh Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on like okay track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about well so the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a uh like mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often well I mean finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if like uh we do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive I mean um or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over so well 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've like well been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more you know okay people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able so I mean to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything well you know you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that um um this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on you know okay behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our show I mean like. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the podcast like you know. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband here you know okay with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco so um ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our okay uh excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as an like I mean opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over well well the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought so you know of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned you know so together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group you know so our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your okay like host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that okay um we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like you know so this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That um okay would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're um you know watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the I mean like top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of you know um The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich you know um Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do um so with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting you know so to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret so um agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get okay uh into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the long-running so you know super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and ambition uh uh the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so okay you know much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to me you know okay Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So I've you know you know been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child like so sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of you know um a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their you know you know victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 okay well the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack uh okay Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the I mean okay government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast well uh and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and um I mean want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a I mean I mean mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme I mean you know she put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it so so that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not like so a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted well um to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do you know okay the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do uh um it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, so you know the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's well so say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat uh you know snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey uh um where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist uh you know Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first okay like aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that you know uh Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange um okay County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording so okay a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So uh um you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two well okay Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You well so can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e so you know why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal okay uh. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you I mean like know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what like well vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 you know I mean it's worth. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really you know well long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for uh I mean it, it's not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections um um like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is green wine so uh. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which is the uh uh best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My um well guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share um I mean her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for uh I mean this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three okay um year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always I mean uh smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to well like be around even to this day. She is still full of life and so are well okay her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her um I mean love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode uh you know 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down okay um with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these um well various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power so so of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of so like things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill you know well recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a like I mean really good actor. He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was uh well that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you well um know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking um I mean about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining will well um be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with okay uh Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on okay you know electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV um well Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one I mean you know. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it so well helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as so I mean we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc um well a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a you know so James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better okay I mean the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and okay um it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is like uh Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have you know you know a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You okay okay can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping I mean okay in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast um like. This is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews well like. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike I mean um. Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at um okay Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years okay okay and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get okay I mean as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event like well of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be I mean so trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going so uh to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we you know so discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, okay uh and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection like like you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another so um episode today. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? okay uh No really if the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be so I mean better or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it uh well and honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off you know I mean if it all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make you know uh a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is so so great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so uh right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for okay so you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor okay um app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are going okay um to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt like uh Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is so so episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans um well who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, okay um ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very okay you know special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life I mean like and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams uh uh. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are like um behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game uh like against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm you know like telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I um so love what they have going on over there. I love what they are so okay building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a um you know podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to well well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your so well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean well you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything okay you know you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good I mean like Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk well you know. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth I mean um means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth like uh is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about you know uh establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North well uh America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism you know well and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a like I mean great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to uh well Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure like um to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to um you know sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners so like would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor uh okay dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, okay you know everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast uh um in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are I mean you know joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work um you know projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and you know you know mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at um uh the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame um you know from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put like okay every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw like I mean Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him um I mean as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his well okay attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in like okay the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat well I mean fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall uh so Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan well like was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row okay um of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating uh like peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit I mean you know of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no you know uh one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my um you know fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It I mean so was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back for um um another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? It you know well was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which was um I mean lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here so so in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on uh uh Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her you know well boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and uh I mean they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It okay well is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine like okay and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of you know I mean all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one I mean um and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King okay so Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad well I mean to get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for well um it. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth I mean you know enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats well like banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails okay well. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is well uh not enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus okay like Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there um I mean is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also okay you know prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right um like. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I uh so don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self well well you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the well well sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, I mean um but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart um okay in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because you know well she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and uh like saved her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey um so of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of you know like the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by okay you know embracing. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of you know um us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless so you know. Of our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you uh you know hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life uh you know could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make um okay you happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking I mean like podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and okay okay opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest well like way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you you know you know need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile device or I mean um computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your okay you know podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast so um and so many more and the best part you can easily well well make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor okay uh or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy uh I mean and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share you know so with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly um you know Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my co-host Steve like you know now we are so we had a plan for today and as is typical well well with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus out there uh well that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to okay well have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I uh you know was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I um well think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? I uh I mean think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even uh well taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here uh you know today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic uh um of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of well okay interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and okay uh telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where uh you know I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process well like of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago well well. He found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So like uh the interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the so so divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up I mean well with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with only you know uh for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, but I mean well if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest Soma okay like Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said it so uh was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four weeks uh I mean later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling the well I mean last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't uh so remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both so so jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't you know um all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care you know I mean how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep I mean so you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit well you know as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how you know I mean hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and uh so keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're I mean um worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take okay um the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because I mean I mean of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better well I mean than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's uh uh Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're uh like I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three you know so days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers so I mean that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but um like maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday I mean so. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I so so don't know what that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's like um not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode I mean okay. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this well okay week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What okay so up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests well like from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude you know well and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from uh okay the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She um um was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man uh well confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to you know you know Betty Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on like well Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case um well listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault uh well that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 okay uh. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid well I mean conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, like I mean Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social engineering like so and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have uh so a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories through their presentations uh like at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole presentation and not like uh all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast will you know you know only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides I mean uh just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even uh um go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay um so or reflect those of the company and its management for their more I mean well the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian I mean so Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience so so. And today we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th well um century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this okay okay enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as okay okay you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I okay uh think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month okay you know Mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want um um to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from um well multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's I mean okay time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it you know um. You sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to I mean you know another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the okay uh new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch okay I mean the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a well uh few weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to so so put our project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in so like the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a like uh podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all I mean well of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen um uh you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode well um is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina uh well season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't well I mean forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our well um recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick like um around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance so like to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written like I mean comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this so you know contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of I mean you know time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you okay um for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into you know um the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was you know I mean it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I think I uh uh would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin I mean I mean bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with okay like Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by um like women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This I mean well episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive so uh. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in like well the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The um you know Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president well well of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's so like what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It I mean well featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other like uh religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent okay um religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to well like to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for uh I mean fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my uh um car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've I mean so had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out okay um of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to okay well Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best uh um way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put uh I mean it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use okay well it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, um I mean and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with uh so anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well uh well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another so like partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special term well well. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So like like your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship I mean um with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know you know uh this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, so so which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your I mean like metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or uh okay theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties um uh and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have well uh threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's so uh in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during like uh chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and um okay to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you um uh may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a well uh group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to okay like me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I mean uh I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people so so these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of uh uh people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out uh so. You got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show well okay notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I so um opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to uh well you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you I mean so kind of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your so you know own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels like you know and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream so okay of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about so like any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not you know I mean allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well like well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's like um always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got uh well a lotta gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm I mean so extremely happy to be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing like you know waking youth. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth you know so is all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts like uh and I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my um you know creativity and when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in you know well Spain. I was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very I mean well stressed and very anxious and I realized that a lot of my friends were so um also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement you know uh. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast like uh Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, well so I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well um so romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of so you know genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of so well self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're um I mean into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network you know I mean. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which well okay is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on uh okay it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about like um the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most like like notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring I mean well the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short um so clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like I mean I mean motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can you know okay find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts so like a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description so like today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you you know okay here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys have well okay enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in so uh the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally well um make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight um well. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just I mean well felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes so uh eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again I mean uh. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves like well in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been well um at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or you know I mean something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to uh I mean correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often you know uh speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, so um but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of I mean like come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most I mean okay of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from so well someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn uh like. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I was well uh supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my like so hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going I mean um on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so I mean uh much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap okay well. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see you know I mean in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying um uh in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and uh okay it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and um well no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record um like before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and like so my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it like you know raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk um so about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting well you know this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth like so because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi um okay lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not so uh automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to okay um get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, like you know I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right so okay. Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait you know like for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next you know you know time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via so uh Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting I mean well to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like I mean like almost always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather like okay that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's okay um been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that uh I mean. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised okay okay. This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for uh you know children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home so so for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and uh like the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by you know like ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you well well swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough um like that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly um uh beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line okay so. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs so um for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space you know like amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like so well hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all you know I mean know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely um like remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than you know um I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down uh uh the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we uh so go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he like uh was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years okay like later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more I mean well shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen uh like free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers I mean like had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to like like brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made uh well me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few you know you know precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when well you know you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you drag so um your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh well okay your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as well like you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice uh like responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember okay so exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you you know uh check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian um um Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve I mean well Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential so okay targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you so so guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the okay you know myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator you know um for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired I mean like by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the so I mean doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed well well Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about okay so why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore you know um Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my okay uh Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of you know um a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better like okay for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're going to I mean you know break down the science and we're also going to break down some reality like um because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life so like factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose well well to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists I mean like. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as I mean you know you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode uh okay 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on well uh episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today I mean uh and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal I mean you know development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work like so and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick uh um read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of small like well talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex so uh Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat okay I mean in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate Rita well you know passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your you know well own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor um you know is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this okay um podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor I mean like we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you so well just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify uh so Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and um you know it's easy and best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot well okay f m or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning um so back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to um well the show. We couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the end well well of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media I mean I mean. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is well um all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well like me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit well well your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you know like you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you like uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need I mean okay to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to well uh Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the like um bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the like I mean bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you uh like don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some like like workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle so you know to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this you know um plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been I mean so Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan uh I mean which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get I mean okay access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to okay so do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa like okay you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment you know okay and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes I mean like to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is also well um 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here I mean you know we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one so so on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, um so hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here um I mean we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you you know uh know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my you know um grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the like like Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want um uh to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of funny like um actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you like okay want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with okay well before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my I mean I mean age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass well like fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the like I mean first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up so well to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through you know you know these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people I mean okay. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of so well grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having me so um. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What well well a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, you know you know no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord like okay and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's about uh well the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of um you know Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be you know I mean no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really so you know following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script so uh shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create well okay new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / like you know stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys uh so are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together uh um. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank um uh you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so okay I mean many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill okay uh logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland um uh the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going so uh to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead of I mean okay the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th. You like well can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is well you know reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell uh you know you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know the like okay details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I um well was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist like so. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff okay okay Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a so so talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist okay well extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm um well on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having um I mean me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own I mean okay medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and um uh go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me you know uh to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give you know um it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously so like this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do like I mean you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from uh you know the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day okay okay events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm uh so here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are well well listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for okay uh anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice um like heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest like I mean way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools um you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will so so also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple like uh podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing you uh um could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you like um need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from so okay today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the so so gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on uh I mean the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a well like masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as like well a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a um well few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are well like a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start so well the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners um um before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to you know you know thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to I mean you know make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's uh you know a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so well phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can uh um be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make uh you know money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make um okay a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to like like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good um I mean cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the I mean so fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a um uh victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark okay I mean side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome okay um to the last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force well well. A podcast series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney okay uh plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very well so excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers um like in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning you know you know Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in you know uh the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to like uh chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, you know okay but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years like okay James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm uh you know going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the okay so bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited you know uh. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is I mean uh swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, you know okay the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name so uh is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have I mean like Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an like well interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I I mean so was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't uh well do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have so you know to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it you know I mean in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of um uh Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri River so uh. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the um like sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under you know you know the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that had been so well hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on some humans so you know. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our okay well podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest you know um way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow like I mean you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing so uh this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for okay I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you well so can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk well so. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor well uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the well well show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with a like okay combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in okay um Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where you know um we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this okay I mean week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day um well this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic uh uh of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is like well starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He well um works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about so you know acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best clients so like into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them into your business as um so leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up uh um with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our interview you know uh with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development um uh manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to so you know make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you um like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor well like will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple um I mean podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no you know I mean minimum and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base so I mean download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started like um. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row uh um the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today so well. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I well you know just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast okay well. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube channel so I mean is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they okay um want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch like I mean. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick um you know a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can okay okay learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to okay so that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all you know I mean that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then you know you know the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make so um that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? you know um So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a uh like couple different options you have and then let you know what I do and what I I mean so recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad uh I mean human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two uh okay very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone um so. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi um I mean Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break I mean um. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you like you know had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our um uh lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is I mean like actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you like uh are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor I mean uh is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record um so and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your podcast uh um for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and Google anything it does you know um that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the button and it goes well like all by itself. You can make money from these podcasts right this ad that you're you know so hearing right now is an ad that I've written for them so that I can make okay uh a little bit of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, okay like right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the like you know 88th episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend um you know preview show. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse so okay. We're going to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State like well Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at like I mean Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot so uh of Lacrosse to sneak into this show here before I get into it as well I mean always be sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks uh um factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of well well t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and then a little bit from our you know you know sponsor sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard well well to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally I mean so named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome uh so back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words so okay because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the okay like enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this so so is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste like I mean. So I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in uh well. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What I mean like is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the uh uh name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm so so going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a like you know statement from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an um okay open relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned okay I mean. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard like you know about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a so well podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free uh okay. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have okay okay conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There I mean so are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like I mean phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay like like. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we you know you know talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the um so Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to uh I mean say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me um uh if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's uh uh back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right okay you know now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if you know so people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read I mean like this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his well well Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with Hannah I mean so burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I um okay think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't so uh wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from you know like Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like well uh comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't I mean so forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I like well like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like you're I mean so what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east so like coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and you know okay cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode okay I mean This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a so okay week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live with him like well right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if you well so missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here like um we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to I mean okay get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and I mean I mean there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up you know well an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So I mean like yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway like you know Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at like like all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure you know I mean corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian like well McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United like like States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases okay you know are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred well well. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred like I mean. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I um I mean mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the I mean okay nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who you know like had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah um I mean. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You well okay know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about you know I mean some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the uh you know system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why okay so you have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to uh you know get into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down uh okay this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but okay I mean I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk you know uh about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with okay you know Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about but well okay let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came so so up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very so well proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, well uh and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which like I mean is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, uh I mean where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport okay uh with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as you know I mean he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge well okay. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel I mean like. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami okay I mean. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets uh well to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick like well look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was well so quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next so um to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome I mean so to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to so you know the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career like um. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans so well with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to well uh be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a um like look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor you know you know Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas like okay in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior um uh and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly like I mean podcast that I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but well well also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy well you know. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect uh um just to name a few join me each week as I dive into these okay you know topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs well you know Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking um uh conversations with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you well I mean to take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am you know well super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie well I mean Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she okay so works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She uh um also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time um okay makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you so uh guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this like uh episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of well well this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought okay uh you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know uh you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded so uh the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the like I mean theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the I mean uh things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing like you know up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young uh so adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing well uh up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically uh um growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having uh you know them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the well okay upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy you know um Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got well so a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to like well get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that well um stuff. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel okay I mean. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the so well floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to like well let me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this like like episode I am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house well like some of the questions that I get about buying an old house and some I mean like of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about like I mean purchasing an old house and then make sure to stay all the way to the I mean um end because I just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing so you know it where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of you know you know six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as okay um I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and like like the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This you know uh is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality uh I mean is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel you know um like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to so so feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really okay uh great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other I mean well days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just you know I mean a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life so I mean telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want uh uh to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So so you know I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985 well like. This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have okay um described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on you know so the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that uh okay we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the um uh goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that um like he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of so okay transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had you know like in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the like I mean great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me well I mean on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a like well motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also you know I mean known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names um um do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice um uh. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with uh so Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive I mean um pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is so you know being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here well like with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing okay okay with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room or uh well you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is always like well like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium like so and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough okay like choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the so so subject of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a I mean I mean token really a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, like well how can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We um so are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are like I mean here with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're uh like coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so uh so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true you know uh too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true well okay too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our well like story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do um like we express this? How do we what do we think of what we title this? And like I mean so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to I mean uh encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um um Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy I mean like guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I um so had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need so well to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click you know um post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish I mean so it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and well so I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome like you know guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message okay uh if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out well um to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use like okay this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I I mean uh have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope well you know you enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share uh you know it on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if okay uh it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I um well would love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what I mean okay you think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one so okay is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the um like company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the like like guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the well um management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict um well on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell you know you know and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners um like running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been okay you know running for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many well so incredible Runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended I mean um to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with like um EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan okay okay likewise. So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you okay okay know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life like okay. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we uh like have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my well well best buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, well okay so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this okay you know major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th okay you know 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a well uh whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your uh you know boy Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from so so way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is I mean I mean. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up uh like Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time like like no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot okay well minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you well okay every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like you know like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as far I mean well as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm um like always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting you know uh skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you uh you know out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We okay I mean have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we I mean so just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero okay well pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening okay uh back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that you know uh bad right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast okay okay when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But what I mean so I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm okay um so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the I mean so worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting so okay together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of okay like your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans like I mean that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities I mean well contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source like so. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well um okay being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of how so uh you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those realities to merge and I mean like the only way that those realities can merge is for you to come with us uh you know in other words because we're not going with you. We are not going to complain with well well you about the injustices of your world because we see them not we are I mean you know not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions uh so of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme I mean okay Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was uh well searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she so uh heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter well I mean asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They you know uh had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, so like they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied um well to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a well well party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to um um the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting uh um here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It okay like has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice so um Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta I mean well is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the um um family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa okay uh actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is intended well uh to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference uh um to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature so uh and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on um you know the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion um you know statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster um you know bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show like I mean. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start I mean you know brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the I mean okay chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from like you know history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save like so America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have so well told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the like well United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with I mean you know Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help uh okay you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart you know I mean and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew you know so through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind okay you know blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors okay um inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old um I mean. Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced um like herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The uh okay Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life okay I mean through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host like okay Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and okay so Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives well uh. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did like so to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 years I mean like ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you uh um from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh okay uh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know I um uh cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and one uh well phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our you know so but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or how was well you know your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has well okay been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about okay I mean Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not okay okay only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating um so discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long um like and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the well you know normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond I mean I mean reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup okay so of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just a I mean well quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe okay well just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no okay like Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day uh okay. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me so so on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray okay so this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just I mean like going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South well um out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I um so don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% you know um but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went well you know back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of um um Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried uh uh to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these you know well episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell um uh the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free I mean you know on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit like you know Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute okay like Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be um so her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and you know well welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki so like baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So okay you know skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good you know you know enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are uh um there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you know like you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really um you know excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic I mean um. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to well well unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever I mean you know stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to okay I mean have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of okay you know mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I okay I mean live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you I mean uh want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I like so reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in I mean okay the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly I mean okay going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was you know so announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming so um something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be so so the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have uh you know been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other well uh explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments you know well below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you know like you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today uh I mean. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor um well after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready um you know for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister you know you know Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and okay I mean Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in well you know suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves uh okay on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for so okay ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO uh so chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some prior okay I mean episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre I mean um. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to so well Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical uh so education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast seem to okay like be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going to keep okay like finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast well so. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons um like. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a so I mean lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about okay um creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions uh well again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them uh well. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before I mean so all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since okay I mean we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week um um. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play well you know. I played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not well you know much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well um me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast well uh right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can well um make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to I mean okay make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app okay like or go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish so I mean well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted I mean uh by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional uh okay Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford I mean like copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help okay so you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and um okay then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 so um on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa like okay Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late okay so. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as so you know the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk for um well tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending well uh with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and you know like now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day. I'd like um only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop a uh okay super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they always um okay write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I you know um like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you um okay can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me okay okay. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about I mean um a little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of so well the best things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make I mean okay a podcast. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and like I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy I mean I mean as that. So download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um well get started check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of so um this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be I mean you know sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you know well you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some well well big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our I mean I mean website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you okay okay how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can um um I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? well like Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 I mean like above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow you know okay it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? Okay, what's um well up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know who I like you know am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little like uh from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast uh so because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school we um so went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of well well us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't um okay know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm uh okay going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker well okay. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in one uh uh place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you well I mean here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind so I mean of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really like I mean know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with well uh a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself um well a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle I mean okay. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the um so ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if like well you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison okay so Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description I mean I mean and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly so uh going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced okay like as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something I mean you know weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner um okay of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming uh uh this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have uh like other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all so I mean I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, so okay I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out like like on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show well uh live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just so well like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is okay you know a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I okay um have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the um um one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by you know um the what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll you know well pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves I mean so music. He loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch like like it like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this like okay as like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're um uh going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? okay you know Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right you know you know now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one I mean well eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are uh okay once again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at um I mean the moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting well I mean order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello so well. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of well so ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I um um not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer uh you know baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to you know you know start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So I mean um my first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer um um and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and you know um I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just well you know keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat okay okay with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi okay um Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long uh you know. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna like like. I'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so so like much Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a uh well delight for me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and um uh Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her I mean I mean best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading so you know faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis so uh are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy so you know. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if so uh it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered you know um that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with uh um your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to okay okay discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion like you know New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows so um will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other you know well shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope um okay you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in okay uh today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and uh so breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you okay you know don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If so like you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up I mean uh shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to so so revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search um um results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you like okay from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH you know well with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back I mean um are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm so I mean going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence like um. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a like um couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even like okay require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode um so contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may I mean okay find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa I mean you know Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped okay like office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer uh like guy Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He you know um said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and so so Jeff was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just okay um what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is well so the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know so okay what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more okay so that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 you know so of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome okay I mean to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel you know um. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin okay well in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called I mean so a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by um okay which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing okay well all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but I mean okay on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive so you know for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not you know okay yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first uh so and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you like you know haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast well like. So let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely well well free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit I mean okay your podcast right from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to okay you know do. Do anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard so like on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast you know I mean with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this is like okay our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word increases you know I mean your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through Christ um I mean. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this one um uh. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it possible well well for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and so uh 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I okay I mean want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and you know I mean I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, you know you know welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really so okay loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of you know so the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here uh so. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got okay I mean to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make some so I mean changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can make a like well difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really serious and okay okay really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We so uh stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find out uh well it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah I mean I mean. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly uh okay. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have um you know Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the uh um good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned like like we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles like I mean Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer like I mean of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a like well Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true uh uh crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like so like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their okay um way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week I mean like. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My um okay name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I um I mean wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am okay well interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is okay uh Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you you know okay get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of uh um the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before okay well starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven uh so one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency you know um here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the I mean I mean Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will you know like learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less uh you know cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your so you know host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe um you know Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age well you know. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that okay so I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and well so I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in so uh the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a okay so mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is you know so that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind each with okay you know our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person can or well you know ever will take we were designed for this role and only we can fulfill it and um so if we don't no one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two so you know of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was okay I mean this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here so well wanting to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea you know so that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make I mean so it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we well I mean are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just like so want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start so uh this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and I mean I mean kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction so uh to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm well uh so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer I mean well old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I um like think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the I mean uh house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally I mean well. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good well um good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe um okay about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival uh um selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 okay like action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've um uh currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our I mean okay home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr um you know. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To okay so one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now you know so by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens you know so melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race so so. I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to you know okay the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the uh I mean TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize so uh. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show? I mean well So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, you know well ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So I mean like what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast I mean okay of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words um um Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't uh uh know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I uh like was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you I mean okay press the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the um okay past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't like like figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a proper I mean I mean introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you like um never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way okay like shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm you know um not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill I mean well average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This uh well is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't so okay podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell that so I mean devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil you know I mean who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of uh well all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the I mean well law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot uh okay come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot well uh touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am okay I mean in right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the I mean I mean peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he okay okay that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have um okay put up the old and put on the new I have been given and I mean okay it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all so like my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all uh so the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This like uh will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because um like we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more you know okay than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like I mean so how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that okay you know. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and I mean um compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm you know I mean doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here well so to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius um so. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the okay well trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to I mean so today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the um I mean 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were like you know considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of well okay the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast so well is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things so I mean. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview you know I mean authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to like okay answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page like so on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving like well a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future um like episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can so you know always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that I mean okay sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit uh you know takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod well well. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you well like think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube like you know launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting I mean you know other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what okay I mean you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital um well marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important like well tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control so okay. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything well so from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so like okay that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode I mean okay is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast uh like. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly uh well that they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use um uh it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like okay you know about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh like your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and I mean well they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no okay I mean minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very okay I mean own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener like uh discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about so uh to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode um so combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give um um you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle uh uh waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child okay so named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise okay well squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy um so on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank okay so you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much okay like better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to well um train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I so I mean didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one well like of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well well um I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as it okay so feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using well um this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going so well to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good so you know good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our I'm so okay my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a so so special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's well so your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm okay like just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at I mean okay work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future uh okay and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop you know uh star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today so well and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's okay uh crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today uh like. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found so well guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go like you know back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time like well what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you like well don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate well well the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up so okay. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just okay you know writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan um um Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is okay um Josh character. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here like well in South University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you um like like to tell us some of those other things too when shots were characters character uh um character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your you know so host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to so uh go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter I mean um 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives you know so operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little okay like bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way like I mean to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you uh uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will well so distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like um many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything so okay you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor I mean like up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode uh uh or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of like I mean the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome well uh to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision like like not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back um I mean to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr uh like in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme um so Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest okay um ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a so um ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but uh um the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the uh like front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the I mean I mean northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the uh um newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt so like the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service okay you know still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect okay uh those of the company and its management for their more the views and I mean um opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's well um the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and okay uh and strict on but no by at go by in a module on I mean um my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to um you know say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that you know uh mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has you know I mean simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do so well all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create like okay and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for you know uh download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how so I mean Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day okay like he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with okay well God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to uh like be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon you know I mean Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and uh okay Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else uh uh. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the I mean like attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the um well father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking like um about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host uh well for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this um uh term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is okay uh in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective well you know streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as like okay far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 well okay years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American you know you know. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going like I mean on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on well uh buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the um okay butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram uh uh live last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a like uh couple of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some well uh people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian so uh guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know you know you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned like you know in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an you know uh article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I I mean you know wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not uh um just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able you know so to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history you know okay of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean give you know okay me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on for 2000 uh you know album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number for 31. One um like out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam me okay well Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on well like the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest um like Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this list to see what's okay uh coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real soon I mean okay. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA okay like garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls like so AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if well okay I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week so well. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast uh like with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you know okay you Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey you know like them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting you know uh down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, so like one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial you know well Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with um like nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every well like day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast uh um. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and you know uh the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart well I mean attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division I mean okay two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division like so stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel um like and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the well like day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over okay so the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this um well word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like well um and is related to a handful of other common words in English, including uh okay habitual habituate and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a okay well place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used like so for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars well so or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing I mean um communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to so okay get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names and well well pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name is you know um Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon like you know from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees well well like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of um um fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 um well 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm okay well transgender. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or well you know lakeyanna new Spotify original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first you know well podcast of the transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back so I mean from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, well so but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always okay I mean this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's um I mean for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from I mean you know your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because so so the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top. Now, well okay let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush so um show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would uh um like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's so uh a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for I mean I mean us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing well so has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho um uh Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here um uh today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation so um and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation okay I mean and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment and I okay okay thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak about and so uh well my question for you just to get right into it because I want to well you know leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here uh like and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor so you know for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's you know uh totally free. Number two. There are creation tools that allow you to record and well um edit your podcast from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast okay uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms um um number four you can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything I mean I mean you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood okay um and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode okay so. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered uh okay here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast you know okay to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here um like to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I okay so get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are well well now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like you know you know share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, I mean well which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear so okay from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance you know um rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of okay uh the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has uh okay to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be legio be uh um guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it uh like for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so you know okay taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer I mean well and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to I mean you know be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the you know you know World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with so I mean may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism uh well and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as like okay opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way uh you know. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting I mean um conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a um uh comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells I mean I mean vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the well okay outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small like uh range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living so well cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood uh like glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is like okay the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the you know I mean pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose well like if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the so okay bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose well so into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored um well for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration okay okay. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today okay okay. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on okay well his total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins um okay super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a I mean well lot of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great uh um conversation with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well uh uh just to note the first half there was I think we had some um okay bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not you know so too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the well I mean total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of so uh March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in well I mean the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate I mean I mean cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a uh um new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the you know okay cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the like you know right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after well well urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the Federal Reserve so well Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is okay you know the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime like like podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the like like secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by like okay. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back I mean so in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or like so comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but um I mean I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on you know like my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity I mean you know case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast you know so. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast uh uh listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he you know okay Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host you know um Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here uh uh to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the okay um Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and I mean okay they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they so so got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that I mean um lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of so like evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by you know like 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something okay you know like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a okay you know single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of different so so areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter well so including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for uh you know everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about well okay sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to them okay I mean. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on well like a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was I mean okay one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular I mean uh TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent I mean uh Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 well um has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by okay uh sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and okay uh finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz well so now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't complain uh so. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got well like a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got well I mean three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie uh uh and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like so I mean to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view okay um and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will you know um also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and you know so this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just uh like like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old I mean you know Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out you know well of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today so uh. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 well okay year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back like you know to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name so um is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, um like and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first okay uh episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of you know okay us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday okay okay. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so I mean like if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the email so uh address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will start uh I mean with my first two because these are the these are the ones from when I uh like was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called I mean so three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful like I mean boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them um okay home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and like you know this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every so like day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a uh I mean friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them so well your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this segment is you know you know all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I do study Vedic uh you know astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in a western I mean okay country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply Google the you know um difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information on the uh like internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it simply you know you know is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm um you know joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys um okay of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All well I mean right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's uh so I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in um well the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on uh like or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal uh uh all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about okay um celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show um uh start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles you know so around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story I mean well of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who uh well helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that like well grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked okay I mean on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have I mean so much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and like you know became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt okay um not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle so so nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to so you know the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret uh I mean them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden um okay above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done um you know or not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in so well order that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid okay you know Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter you know so by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the uh uh short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl um um. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most okay well famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He I mean like has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about you know um the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her like you know husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, so like but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say I mean like that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with um um the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted so well to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted okay like to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the uh uh two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have so uh their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have so so been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So okay I mean a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I okay um think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone uh well. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody okay okay and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt like like that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin um um Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of well so musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might um well have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean so uh Stephenson. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports um uh here. And we're back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to uh so steal you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your like I mean Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason uh you know. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want uh well to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually I mean so have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like I mean um Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and uh so we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and like so people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things so so for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an well you know email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so okay so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here I mean you know to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor like uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation okay like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well uh phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be so I mean heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with um like no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place well okay. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast okay okay. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest I mean well way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are okay uh actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to like um record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a well I mean podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software so like as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we um um need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or so I mean cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with okay I mean no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be you know uh serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic. We're okay you know going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin eater you know so. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah so okay. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where um uh are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if I mean you know you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode so um 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just uh okay so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all I mean you know of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 okay um and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects uh well. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to um okay get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome well um to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started uh like real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have like I mean built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know uh okay more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to okay I mean thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy um well this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's um you know totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so so from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you I mean okay can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more uh I mean you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to um like make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM um you know to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give so like them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my you know I mean book The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I so um rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your like um first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the like uh lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going to um uh be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened I mean you know this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have well uh the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger like I mean. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of uh uh credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those like uh of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC um you know and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts I mean like as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees uh you know of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that you know so when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start uh uh running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I don't I mean okay know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that there is this well um life we can live that that's just a little bit further than where we so well are that if we get enough power we can we can live this life uh so that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as we I mean uh kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in okay I mean that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe I you know um can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the uh well devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth uh okay Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal so I mean relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion okay um matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So okay um all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that night okay uh in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said like um to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our okay you know podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's uh uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools I mean like that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like um computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute well okay. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and um so many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I so um can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor um so app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show so um. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an uh I mean hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We so like spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the ups okay I mean and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit so okay of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and I mean um welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise I mean you know Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner like um as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that so okay and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced like uh firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find so you know ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a um so way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes uh so after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how well like they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them you know like do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic math in first grade okay like or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and subtract numbers. That's how you well well do taxes. You line them up in a column you add some together, you um uh subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how to follow directions I mean I mean. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read them uh I mean. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in school that you know I mean was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and do simple math well you know doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means that you you know like can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners um okay may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small um so wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within I mean so and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor you know uh with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she uh okay was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched I mean I mean on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another I mean uh this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The um so world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother so uh since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend um okay. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me okay so a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly I mean well a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing uh so this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode like okay 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number I mean um for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know um you know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this okay I mean season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready uh well to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had I mean um a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some well okay you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out um so there. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling like well with a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting you know um to get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was so like was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2 well like. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time uh you know. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of you know okay branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, well I mean I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist I mean uh because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot I mean okay. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also like um delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video so um series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow so okay. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it so I mean seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the so well specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly like well. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually really I mean okay interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you uh I mean just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th okay I mean. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your you know so host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm so so so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g so like hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got okay well Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast with okay so the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until eternity well you know now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey well I mean. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing okay um Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners well so before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our okay like sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a um like podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's you know so a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so you know from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes okay you know your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else like well and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything like well you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a like okay tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know you know you know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely so well just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love um like. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic uh um. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking well uh like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having uh um xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel okay okay like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is uh well like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared you know well to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights like um for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of you know well Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this well um week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses you know I mean to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way okay like to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool so you know that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um so computer anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be um okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to um um make a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a um okay Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be well well going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be uh uh laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides okay well. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting well okay you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair uh okay or a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a uh I mean chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So well okay once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I um um want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel so I mean and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top um I mean now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me you know uh after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of so like War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real okay okay and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I um I mean am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up you know okay guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean so well jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom so um. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, I mean okay what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm so so. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today uh well you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great okay so. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and so so complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner you know so. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows uh well. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures um okay the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section I mean I mean and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep I mean uh it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real you know you know quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you you know well that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you I mean like always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and I mean so Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited okay okay for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify okay um what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages you know you know So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why uh you know we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't um okay mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps like uh us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for I mean uh this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How okay um are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been so you know it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded like uh. Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did okay okay we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little well um Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on okay uh a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way I mean so that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording you know okay the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the so uh intro this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the well you know way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step so so the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new I mean like podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it I mean okay comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast like uh. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that you know so. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back okay so when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how to so you know record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I like um mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you like um can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F um um m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster uh I mean Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you know well you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to okay okay hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short like so favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written okay okay and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books I mean um there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and you can you know uh get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you well you know can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is uh like up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is uh okay this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred well well. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I um uh don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying but that's good like uh. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant like I mean a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is I mean okay fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And so uh now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new well well episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to um I mean me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last well um for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things um you know we recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and you know well episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span uh uh and we had a nice little break in between and now we have like so to catch up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's like uh okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show um well. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I I mean like hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in you know well good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class like um is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival so uh Guide. This is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give well I mean you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing okay well me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome uh well guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore uh you know here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm you know like on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am um like an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore you know so. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend um um and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock well like Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard um um for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It you know well has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have well uh imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go like um any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of so like our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was well okay going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal you know so development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also like uh is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is well uh the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the well um charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with well well courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would well I mean in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's uh okay Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only um okay when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary I mean like A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will okay you know certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised okay uh. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that you know so I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out uh well a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things you know um surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have you know well felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in um so verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the so well week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews okay like. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you like well after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom well so of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick uh so Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss so uh in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we like so used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of so so a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit you know so of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo so uh pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I like uh will guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero I mean like de finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life um like and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature um I mean and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to you know okay do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to I mean uh carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body of okay um water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our guy. These so I mean consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also receive the okay like healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in China to so uh increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week okay like. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the so uh show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with well okay anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to I mean so walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love I mean so is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad um um. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two well well days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren okay like. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled you know like her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren so uh. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's um uh a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but I mean well he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with um well down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session I mean okay of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the uh okay coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and okay like where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough like um on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So I mean well we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called okay you know Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've uh you know ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of uh well your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to I mean uh hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please uh uh note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided well I mean in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the like um degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by uh so the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you you know well about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make so uh a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free you know so. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay uh your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute um well your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher you know well or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your I mean so podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all so um in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out um uh anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So like so do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just well so do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put like uh so an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and um uh then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter uh you know podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name um so Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this okay well time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters like so 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I so well can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's okay so funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes uh like make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah well um do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is I mean like Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first uh so half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon into uh like it. We realized that it was going to take a long time uh well. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part you know okay 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little uh you know bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are uh um getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely okay you know and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my well so goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know like I mean you know Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it uh you know sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush well so mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs well you know is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a well I mean real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This um uh is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our so you know listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the like you know pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a well so pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it you know so pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder um so has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into okay um a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you uh like have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This like okay is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya okay okay built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join well like with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win well like and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad you know I mean to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to uh um be here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's well you know pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely um um sometimes but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake you know so level who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on well you know Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day so well Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and like um does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado so so. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting like I mean the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions um uh. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been uh uh very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can okay okay say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like okay like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able you know um to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that um okay I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep okay so it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that well um like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your well um host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew you know well the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is taken from I mean so John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest day of the I mean like festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is thirsty come uh you know to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus Through the like um lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for uh uh Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he I mean I mean likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different um like. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going like you know to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen uh okay. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going well so to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half well so hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless so you know plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They like so need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's like well so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening you know well. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you so like about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the you know okay easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation so um tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean I mean your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you okay so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything so I mean. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor I mean okay up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into um like the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on okay like your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think that okay um we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time uh I mean flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for me okay I mean. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start well I mean the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah like I mean do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is uh like where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce uh uh the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a uh well guest today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there um I mean now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay um me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh okay from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it can you know you know be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money um like from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a uh well podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning okay so handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to I mean you know the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo you know um. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's so like been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to well uh be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast like um so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting so I mean suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics um so you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that I mean like there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It okay so was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy I mean um. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with great well you know ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of well so prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and uh well sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem is sometimes okay like most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put extra uh uh effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of I mean so all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike um okay I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay I mean you know. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking okay so kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you know I mean you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the well you know Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket so like. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off um so of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as uh okay we could have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being you know okay a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a uh I mean nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl so like Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he uh I mean do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? I mean um Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else um so had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn you know I mean especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant um like to be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do okay so need to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up so okay with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down so you know. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, um um it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy um I mean of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you like so for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to you know well send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's like so again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one well um of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space um uh one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York I mean well Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called okay I mean on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we uh so haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode okay you know 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are I mean uh two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in uh uh college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and I mean so the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different okay uh religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends okay okay. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you you know well could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like uh well of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew I mean you know up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster okay uh. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made um you know there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I mean uh I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we well um were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is like you know sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder uh you know people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
