Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing you know so you know on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do so you know you know we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from uh so like history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female well like like warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia like you know you know called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons okay okay I mean and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good form before um like uh we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I well I mean like got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name so like well is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports like okay well is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you um you know I mean have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true so okay uh also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I mean like um I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true um you know so Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle you know you know uh of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I okay um uh lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made you know so so sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or like uh like to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide you know well uh range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine so like well playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been um like like a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view so like like you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not so uh you know been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a so well um few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting okay um um down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to April like uh like 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two like like like games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent I mean I mean um. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with uh I mean well a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events like so I mean from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on so so so Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open so okay uh 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my okay well um snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline um okay I mean Calloway, and for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today I mean so uh we are shifting a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking I mean uh uh about Caroline, but we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with like uh you know pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened I mean like well up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a listener, so I mean um even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question and like you know uh then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept that is okay well um this If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold. I feel okay I mean uh like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you always uh um you know wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as you just smack it uh um you know down six months because I it's been nagging us for the last two weeks I mean well so. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like be like so uh sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured walks uh you know um. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration you know I mean I mean work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing you know okay so for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a I mean I mean um huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, you know um um but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper uh I mean so diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many well uh like good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to so well okay start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's I mean well you know like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement like I mean I mean games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet um well um dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies okay I mean you know and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to so um okay see cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own I mean I mean um safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony like well uh is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium you know well okay. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm um uh okay trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a um you know um wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife well uh uh. It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here I mean I mean so water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're like uh like going to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we you know um so just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah um well well. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode okay well you know includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We well well I mean advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good like you know uh day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain okay I mean so snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich well so like water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone well like well angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his like like so gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just okay well so beneath the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode um so um is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part I mean I mean like in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going well I mean so to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome you know well um has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We you know well okay are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these I mean like well sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have like like so heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let um well so you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to I mean like like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends like like I mean Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that I mean you know okay are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast you know like uh where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going from said, so you know well bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the ideas like okay you know. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah. It's uh uh so kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and learn well you know uh things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that like okay um incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just um uh okay like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told like uh you know I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the Golden um well like Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough like you know um together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the I mean so I mean other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in um you know um this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a okay I mean you know tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast well um like is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo um I mean uh may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on well you know uh that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed I mean uh I mean a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually um you know you know opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do well okay okay with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a well you know I mean podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their you know okay so families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned okay so I mean and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of like um I mean the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So like um well if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure like I mean like that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family okay you know okay to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be like uh um more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get like so uh into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. This is well you know you know no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection or okay so I mean this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think that uh okay you know it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like I mean well um Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single you know well like person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may uh you know so look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that um well like they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm you know well like gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a well I mean so podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that okay so okay allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've so well uh got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including music I mean uh okay to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or uh I mean like computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to you know like you know get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 so you know you know minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with like so I mean only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning okay so well Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate okay okay uh the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear like like you know perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by Craig like uh you know gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten um well like. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off well so like the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at um um okay a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is about so you know you know my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple I mean you know so do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things um like like you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian like uh I mean. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile you know so uh device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at so I mean uh home. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and so you know well you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to uh like uh do it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it you know so uh. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and okay like um boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers so well so your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth well well I mean on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we you know like well talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two okay like so heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are uh like you know blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 well well well years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or uh I mean like hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate okay you know um with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we so you know okay need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes well well well that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we um well like we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's part I mean uh like of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same you know um like goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the the it so so I mean was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March so um so 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video like um well games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables I mean like so and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As I mean so like always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the uh I mean uh copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like well like you know Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out uh so you know to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase you know like I mean again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear uh like like the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber like I mean okay the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as okay well uh he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge like um like of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him um well okay of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you so like well shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears uh well okay rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will so um okay be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his so well well sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you so like um you know much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it. If uh well you know you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really uh like um help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing like um like. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, um like um you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We I mean so uh hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you um okay so so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple so so uh of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also you know like like forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're like um I mean learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out uh I mean I mean that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much well I mean so as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the you know I mean um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation okay um so tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or I mean so well computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it you know I mean um can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you uh um you know can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's so so well everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on um I mean um their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot I mean uh um f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast well okay so. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording like you know like just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today well so okay. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City um you know you know Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win uh uh um the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals um like uh and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well so I mean well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole um you know like show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to um okay so it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm you know okay so just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this uh um uh weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well so I mean um. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick so so okay minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about um you know okay anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me so like um explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean you know so right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So like well okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can okay like like also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you well uh like guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app well like okay or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the uh like like show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to like I mean you know all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium I mean um so account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus well um like you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users like um I mean can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening well okay so to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be I mean well so sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse well um I mean podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you um like um never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 like like well mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of Roman well I mean uh Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find you know so like your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get well like well cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this you know okay uh opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have like you know so theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't like uh um stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my well so well journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to okay like so become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers well I mean like show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're I mean like like going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and okay I mean uh I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop like well um who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow well I mean I mean me at all then you know, I have said since day one the well uh so beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all uh um uh knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to okay you know uh finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it um so like has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with I mean I mean uh uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated and okay I mean uh confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through you know you know well a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is um uh well awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that allow uh well okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer um well well. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple okay I mean uh pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast with I mean you know um no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you so um like can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's worth it okay so uh all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not like I mean uh get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make um so so a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot so okay um f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the I mean so well one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the you know okay like 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about I mean like okay it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible uh okay uh low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have so I mean so Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know well um uh send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that from Krista, uh uh I mean so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure like so okay you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I mean um you know I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they okay um well also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I uh like well dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have um like so shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I you know uh so just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie I mean okay um were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half you know okay well over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we so okay uh are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well uh so okay research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live like uh okay work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and well like so everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves uh um you know because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and uh uh okay we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So we um like um thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what kind of identities so um I mean we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my you know um I mean God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in um I mean so specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think okay so like he's okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this so well I mean morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as you know well I mean polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga well I mean I mean one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the so like uh question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts so okay like. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, I mean uh you know that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long um uh so was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of you know so I mean this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This okay uh okay is a good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book so um like. I love this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U like uh um s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here I mean so um for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a um um uh sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend uh you know well. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed okay I mean I mean ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like okay you know well we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke I mean I mean okay up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my uh you know you know alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a well well um rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's I mean um um like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was okay well okay just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for so like so real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give uh uh um you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of uh um um your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account you know so so necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one I mean you know okay you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never uh well like miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And uh um uh if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline like I mean um no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure you know so um to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your so well like library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking I mean um well of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal so like I mean relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer okay um well podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in uh well okay this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the uh I mean um order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle you know so well as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This um well uh is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into so okay well the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of a okay well uh new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the set so okay like up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But like I mean like now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on you know uh well I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's well okay well all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got um um okay. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for so uh um the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 like so you know episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple like like so music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old I mean well um patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die uh okay um in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to like uh so today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature okay uh like of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners you know you know okay under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial so okay you know killers who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's you know well like I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to well so you know Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the you know I mean okay internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So I mean well like very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting like well um together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to give well like you know a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running I mean I mean like a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on so like okay iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win um uh you know a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine like I mean okay spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your uh you know so host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and awaken to like well so your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and deeply I mean you know I mean dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So come okay okay I mean on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy okay um you know emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So so um um it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to uh okay okay have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the um okay um basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to well uh well skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic you know I mean um cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put uh uh so the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too well so I mean fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble so uh you know a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on well like I mean make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because okay well um I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn so like um in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes uh I mean you know. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and well um well digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we okay I mean you know just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create um um um some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in well like well this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good um you know okay escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you like uh I mean see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here um so uh to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and okay like uh advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the well you know well industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be like well well talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier you know so I mean. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and so you know so listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about well you know okay doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I okay so I mean just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under well so I mean the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you um like like don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our podcasts so um so and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just I mean like like break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you uh uh you know have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that okay okay like you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your okay well I mean computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on you know okay like Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money you know okay well from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, like um uh which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all uh like um in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot you know uh okay. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box I mean okay so and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing like um so it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that like um so and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's uh so uh bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick okay well well up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uh you know um uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? like uh okay Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and you know uh like I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus um so like of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to like you know well hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You you know uh I mean can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths um like okay today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that like I mean you know you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man so like so is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher like um you know who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas um you know you know. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for you know well like three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees okay um well from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have okay you know you know finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think so okay you know anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill you know I mean uh Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on okay like so the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing well um you know for all those years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right uh so um sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin well well I mean. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm okay so you know not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're here well I mean so with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation like uh um on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay you know uh um. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience like a okay um like stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it and yeah so okay like I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about so you know I mean anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to so uh so explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation well so okay tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone um uh okay or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we um like so do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you so um uh. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many well uh well more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's like um you know everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and well you know I mean download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started uh like you know. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell like like uh you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but um okay okay now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other I mean you know uh podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, well um uh it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To well you know I mean another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain like you know you know about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right um okay I mean. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's okay well you know done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you okay well well already did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been okay well like out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait um um so to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was I mean uh um like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one uh uh um of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're um I mean um going to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, uh well uh oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to okay um um talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay you know so you know now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the I mean well okay 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is well um well my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly um well like about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast well like okay and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account so I mean you know and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to so well uh save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite okay you know you know podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your well you know well friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline okay um you know wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too like um so many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if um I mean I mean you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on um uh um Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to um so so follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice like so like. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of um okay you know optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out mainly so um you know about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of thing, um uh well but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who like I mean so offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side like like okay comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way you know okay okay to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves free you know I mean uh things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love okay so well free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit so I mean well your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your I mean uh so podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these I mean okay I mean platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your okay so like own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast I mean well okay all in one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor like I mean you know dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for okay you know um C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing okay um uh her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the I mean uh you know show and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, like um okay welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks I mean okay um in the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced so uh um. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting okay I mean okay as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of I mean um uh life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and you fall um I mean I mean to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my breath like um so is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life kissing okay I mean uh my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the mountains I mean like I mean kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your uh like like support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this way uh uh you know by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't I mean like uh often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and you know so I mean today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We I mean well um see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration well uh well. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them uh okay I mean up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today so um you know as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I so I mean okay say? You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew I mean well um you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this um so uh episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation you know well uh where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they like like like are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We okay so I mean discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding well uh you know World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We so um I mean were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts so so okay and feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 like so okay 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and so well um reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel so uh so free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard you know I mean well team on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a so um okay few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't um okay okay know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by the way, you know um well but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh well so. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have reached out um um well to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast started or I mean you know you know distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It's free. There's I mean um um creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your okay you know like computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that okay okay like have been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing uh uh like us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on well like I mean Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is uh you know so on some of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for you I mean like okay and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening to like uh well the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep you know like um in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it I mean so well. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end okay like okay. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay so like I mean again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I like you know okay play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's uh I mean um let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people well uh so can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure I mean well so right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and okay like well a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus uh well I mean goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It I mean I mean I mean was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew um okay um up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler um okay okay with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks I mean I mean um this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross you know well um around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel so okay uh. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I sound like well you know like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm okay okay well being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and then like okay so Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game okay like I mean. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then um okay like drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came okay like so back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily you know okay well stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more uh so um the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 so um like episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is well okay okay actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which um well I mean is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather well uh I mean has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age like you know well. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue like like like on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really okay you know well cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast uh like so Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward okay you know um to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today um like so is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to my nerd um you know um Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating okay uh well Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back I mean well so. Back everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train um well you know up the California coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before uh I mean like. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about uh like you know starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about uh you know so anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and well you know you know foremost, it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation um you know um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like okay well or computer. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it well well so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap um okay like opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you know um uh you can make money from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum you know okay okay listenership. Anchor is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So what uh well I mean do you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- um I mean I mean to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first okay okay I mean in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those so like uh of you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but well okay okay we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into I mean you know well it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and you know like okay Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how you know you know like are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much I mean I mean I mean make sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by okay you know uh another and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert so so you know Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a okay uh like best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually like well so say it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I well you know I mean was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right well like I mean in front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the well you know so rules again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to okay so I mean use the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to I mean well uh fix the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first you know so you know rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going um I mean I mean to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but uh I mean I mean I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I so I mean well moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is so like so Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode okay okay uh and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I mean I mean so I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so like like you know I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of you know um uh film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way okay uh okay to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've um I mean um talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really so like okay am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman you know okay um Prospect cards the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some okay okay um statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those like um um specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, so like I was looking at like like uh like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have to um like so open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, right? I um so okay am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead I mean well well. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh uh uh I mean and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, so um um otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's I mean well um your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at okay uh I mean the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself um um uh. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney you know you know I mean. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really well like um get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's you know you know well a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage well well like and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity you know I mean um today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know well you know well you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I you know um so have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad okay you know uh reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond well um um industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of well okay like them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that I mean okay so these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common so I mean uh ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth I mean like um that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from uh I mean you know job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor like so well Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did I mean so so 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me uh um you know up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet like I mean uh on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created an Instagram I mean I mean okay account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community here well so um. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and like uh so really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and uh okay like possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller okay uh like. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be well well you know learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys uh uh like are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used like well you know with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again um like well for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I um okay well want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English like um so teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to so so okay speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it well um I mean those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my well okay um favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very okay you know well distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical okay you know like carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova well okay well attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski well like well bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it like well so did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, so like I mean March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like so uh like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring break I mean I mean okay. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So if okay uh well you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your so so you know clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them I mean well like or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important um well like information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even well you know well more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication well like well with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the okay um you know habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a neglected I mean like so you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then you like I mean well know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So we've now got okay well I mean new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good guests lined um uh like up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really enjoy Like so you know well always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast and you know um well you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to I mean um so chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death so so you know of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember so uh like people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated I mean like you know to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with you know um like borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am uh like so your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the you know I mean uh Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental like like okay health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if well well well you need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode well okay you know. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim so so like Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at I mean you know you know Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what you know uh okay is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for so uh uh the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted like so I mean to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way to I mean okay uh communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you like uh well know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted and uh okay I mean approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several like you know I mean committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been I mean uh like finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to our I mean like you know budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and helps well I mean like us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for uh uh I mean the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode uh um um. We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with well uh so additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide I mean well so variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with so I mean okay but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning um okay like Darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following you know like you know them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life I mean okay like alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the I mean so you know ground known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global like like okay celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is like well um an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic you know uh like Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to like I mean like celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about I mean okay I mean today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to like um so the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of like okay so The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be altered well I mean um that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost uh um well three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back like I mean I mean in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best I mean um you know the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and I mean um so place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard well okay well out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just um I mean so change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the so you know okay pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out um well well of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You you know I mean um better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk you know you know you know now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have Alexis well uh well here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and Alexis like I mean like. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as like you know you know usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a well well well because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering you know well okay for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show well uh I mean. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we well so you know have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you well um I mean guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this so well okay video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists um okay okay on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the you know uh uh sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of you know well you know is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his so uh uh base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film um you know okay television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work so okay I mean on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a um okay uh day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be like well uh directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our you know like well work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes okay well um it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is I mean like like all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will uh okay okay talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my well I mean like clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop so well um for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news um you know okay coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of so like like outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've well I mean so got to say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out so I mean I mean because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he you know well so was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show like well uh and that he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So uh I mean uh if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds because uh well like otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a I mean um okay podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get um well well anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit so like okay your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute uh so uh your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and okay like so many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership um well um. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app um so well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM I mean I mean you know to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be uh like you know immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you well I mean I mean probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this okay um so is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning uh uh you know of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole I mean like you know nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week well I mean I mean the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them I mean like well March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out to so I mean like all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener well I mean uh discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo you know I mean um Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking like um okay him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the like okay I mean car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged okay okay you know across the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? um well so But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and uh well so sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded um I mean so him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with like I mean okay the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk uh okay uh anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just you know I mean I mean ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but um you know I mean All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So like okay I mean what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back okay okay um when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations okay uh uh on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War really uh so you know exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of like you know so been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take time like you know you know to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, so so okay if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that uh I mean uh we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck uh uh you know Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join um um uh us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that okay okay you know conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks uh well like about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a okay so okay gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining well well I mean us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've so well uh been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours okay I mean okay and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind you know um okay of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric uh you know like elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in so you know so older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated I mean okay so with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment like so like treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle so okay so has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make okay well so up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female uh well I mean ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year like like I mean olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old okay uh okay the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an well um um outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying um well I mean healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, uh uh okay I'd like to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me um you know uh. I'm a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I okay I mean uh see you about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go so okay um to the hospital and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 you know well um patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have been very like well okay worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried uh uh okay about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the okay well I mean easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and um you know um it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh um um podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean um okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can make so I mean well money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that you need to okay I mean like make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to you know uh I mean Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee uh um uh. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a so you know you know name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of uh so um stream coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this well uh uh is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my you know you know well favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There so like okay are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know um like phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone like you know I mean and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast I mean you know uh for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you so uh well don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of well I mean I mean challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough you know okay well experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I I mean so like go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the you know like I mean business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my you know um you know podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to uh I mean um do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today well okay um the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She um I mean uh is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted you know like well to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about uh well you know ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and uh uh so frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that well so um Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce uh like uh yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child uh so okay. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and okay uh so I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of like like uh days and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my uh well okay right is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up like so you know guys and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, like like I mean Bloomfield. How's it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate so you know you know cow with if you can hear him. I don't know if you guys can I mean you know like hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He okay I mean so is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my uh like so boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's I mean I mean um good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what um so so do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, well uh you know I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, like like uh I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists I mean um you know. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you um like uh here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself like well I mean. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to you know like like yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you okay well like doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want uh so uh to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We you know okay you know still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back well okay well. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we um I mean I mean were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic you know uh um relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think well well you know you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames so okay like right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for you know so you know it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the I mean I mean like end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm uh okay uh told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've you know like you know sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I uh like so think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on uh like so the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in I mean okay like a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people I mean like um looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service like well I mean to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you uh so okay get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised like well like Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 I mean well you know Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on okay I mean uh a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me like okay I mean again, and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about so like uh getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and I mean you know okay now I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in you know okay well my own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing like I mean um this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where so um you know you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So um okay I mean if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn artcom okay I mean uh. Forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the okay I mean I mean coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you well well I mean will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether I mean well well this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much I mean so I mean for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me okay uh um is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse uh um so me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is you know you know well. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked you know well uh to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, well uh I mean we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom I mean like well offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over to you can um okay so find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's uh uh like pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel okay well uh man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was uh like well it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the um uh um cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, you know um you know that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity so um you know Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't um like um lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was uh uh uh it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean okay well. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you well um uh to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will like I mean um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well um you know and many more you can make money from your podcast with no I mean so uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I I mean you know uh want to ask you a question. Are you living the life you want I mean well I mean to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that picture in our mind uh uh like not that life. You want to live my question to you is simple. Are you um like so currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why the answers are I mean so I mean often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I like like I mean don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go um like uh Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving you know I mean um. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had well okay uh received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket like well like but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International uh I mean well Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved um I mean like his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made I mean um like arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art well you know like of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our okay so so industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part like um I mean of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this I mean like okay world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm well um so here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've um I mean well never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? okay okay like You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's okay like like start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name um uh so is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to uh you know like our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat okay like I mean down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and you know um you know what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for you know you know so international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's um like so episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group you know so um Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them uh okay um being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie so like like at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like uh I mean talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip I mean well like. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have well I mean um so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with okay I mean I mean me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate uh like okay left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you like you know so here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB uh okay uh pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all I mean like uh for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world you know you know um. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host okay uh like other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start okay so so of any number two. And before we get going we want to give well I mean like a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier you know okay well enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over you know um so to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great I mean uh I mean training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or um okay so even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly CPD podcast okay so well full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or a well um um sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual so I mean um CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog okay I mean you know. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for so well uh you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now I mean so I mean have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is okay uh so the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide uh you know okay. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time like I mean uh we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even so so okay this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if I mean like okay you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into so well I mean Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies so well so. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts I mean uh uh are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The um well like run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your well so you know training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the uh um okay questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the um I mean well inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can um okay like be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so uh you know okay fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep okay um um dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to so well so gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a okay um like previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic well you know um base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some um so uh have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but well like okay they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in okay like you know sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know well uh well that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening you know uh um to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen I mean like like to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you uh like uh joining us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with um so so Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is okay like well a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports uh okay so and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful well you know uh exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome um okay well. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author but well okay like most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan uh um you know magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like the hottest um okay you know Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some like uh you know astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have okay so like so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on she uh um um read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me uh so you know one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night okay so um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush um you know so the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week uh like like and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women you know like so all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, well you know like she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana uh okay so. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila like well you know. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked like you know like with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a uh like so more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do I mean like um it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years you know um I mean. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did I mean you know so it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it uh um well was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat well I mean like on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope uh uh like y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even so well uh introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash well well like the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you so um so. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets so okay uh the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, well okay like let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh well well okay. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about like so well that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a um you know well skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are you know so well still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and I mean so so we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard you know okay uh of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and um you know okay there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean so well right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free so I mean well. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple okay um um podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing so okay um your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know okay so so me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an you know well uh Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we um I mean you know know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host like well well Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the so uh well podcast in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to well like like be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit I mean uh so about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before you know like like we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay well okay I mean or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and like like like opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan um uh um former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us so you know uh 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, like okay I mean you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R like I mean like their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career so you know okay how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and well I mean like ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is uh like I mean a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are um uh um looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us you know I mean well out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former so um like A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep I mean well like this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've so so uh you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media so well well Network. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for uh uh you know you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk well well okay about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a I mean like I mean first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody you know uh uh look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get uh I mean like him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew well well so always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect like uh okay category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick you know okay um five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening so okay okay to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there like uh so in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of so you know like experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the I mean um I mean concept of not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which so okay like is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening you know you know uh your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good um okay like score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets you know um um just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get like I mean like a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first uh um uh but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us I mean uh okay besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops um I mean you know update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold uh well I mean one of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping like okay so. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took um okay so it off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you well like uh guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you so uh you know uh much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to I mean so um our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome so okay okay t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see I mean uh uh what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just so uh um as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so you know uh like glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the um you know you know woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we uh well so look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so you know I mean you know much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the so like so woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each like um uh one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different I mean okay you know different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts like so like that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of so like uh which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going so you know well on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just well so I mean here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make you know well okay a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way I mean um I mean to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for like so you know free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you so I mean I mean to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you you know um um so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and okay um um many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so I mean well. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup you know uh so. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably like you know I mean the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if okay um okay you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying so well uh put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it well uh like just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been I mean I mean um in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team well like okay just doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So like like um it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and play like so I mean for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to um you know like get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F okay you know okay m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download um like um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on uh okay um your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about well I mean you know whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make I mean okay I mean it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally so I mean well free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor uh you know like dot f m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment uh so I mean of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about like um uh anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's so I mean uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay um I mean or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard like you know well on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your uh well so podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in like like well one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor well like you know FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going you know okay well to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of uh so well an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into well you know like it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam okay like well. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough uh uh okay free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we well you know well should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast uh so you know when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our free well okay okay agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both a new I mean uh like especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So we're you know uh you know really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so like uh so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but like okay okay it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one well okay like one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are um so uh we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all uh uh um hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an um so so avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the like so well current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of um um you know order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining so um so your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So uh so so what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like um um I mean medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan I mean um you know of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea well I mean well how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor okay well uh dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's I mean like um creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your um I mean so phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free so um like anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs okay like like when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code you know well like. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and okay I mean well welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we so you know uh raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We I mean so so are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before so okay so you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's uh I mean I mean a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not well well you know in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past I mean um um tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s you know so you know film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso uh okay so brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways like well so he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's you know okay well not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode like I mean I mean 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our okay okay okay newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the you know okay okay week's countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX uh you know um East and there will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie so uh I mean and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello well so like Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really um um like productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight okay you know you know. It's been filled with a lot of news and then I also got some so you know so amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want okay um uh to say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I uh well like am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very well okay so close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided uh uh you know today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in you know so you know the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation you know I mean well of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven you know um um. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say you know um I mean thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging okay I mean so on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast I mean okay like. So thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier you know so so League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the I mean you know um bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It I mean so so was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off um well so is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly okay um I mean one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a weekly social well um you know media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings to help you so uh like and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might well you know uh have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 times version so um you know of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it with you in okay well like just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on like well uh microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer to okay I mean uh have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in um so so this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional well you know so where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in uh okay uh Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd Corinthians so so I mean chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 today I mean well you know 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if you know uh you know the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God well like uh a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent you know I mean um we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting I mean I mean okay it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in I mean okay I mean this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to I mean I mean like talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my um well well episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it um uh uh allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your well okay I mean podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with I mean you know okay friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute you know like so your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and um so I mean many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum so so uh listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free I mean well okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start so uh uh this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to okay I mean um this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the like I mean well left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole okay okay okay setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, I mean so so we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their um uh okay classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here you know okay well. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review uh okay uh us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have like like uh you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used like well I mean this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan uh like um of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page uh okay um the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her okay um um and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, okay well so when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just I mean um like sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? um well uh Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, so like um I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest like I mean okay. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do like um well that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking you know I mean I mean into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take so like well a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after you know um okay. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 I mean you know um of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and well so uh not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+ so you know so. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her up you know I mean um for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog well well okay will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming to like well you know Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara like well like Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack so I mean like Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person okay uh uh with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all um well you know about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with I mean um uh you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super so um um Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's all uh I mean okay about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion um you know uh of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation you know you know uh coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I bucked I mean I mean well Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so if um um so any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be you know um uh making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would um you know like just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug you know I mean okay. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series I mean like so of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in you know uh well New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out like you know you know one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a I mean um you know couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening you know like like to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy like so well Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery um okay okay. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking I mean okay uh beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules so um okay or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour um um I mean yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my podcast I mean like you know episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely love it so uh like. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh like so me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so I mean you know podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for so you know so you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many I mean well I mean more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's I mean you know um everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do okay uh well is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get you know you know so started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard well I mean I mean about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't heard okay so so about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate first of like um like all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you to record like uh okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer's broke well um well. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In addition to that I mean okay um it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be um like you know heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more dude. You'll be uh okay um getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your podcast uh uh like with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your so I mean uh listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night well well um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little well well like circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero so okay uh is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge um so you know is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and well uh so it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year you know well okay and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build you know you know like that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the um like like John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven you know you know okay cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We I mean like I mean have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths okay like like all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths in uh uh okay California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our villains podcast well I mean um. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the 1920s. He like you know I mean was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld to hear you know I mean so more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you get your well you know uh podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits um uh so one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there I mean uh like with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death well I mean uh by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here okay well um. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people you know um well would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned so uh I mean from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful like I mean I mean given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in I mean like okay this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to well you know like say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the you know uh you know weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and I mean so um stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used like okay you know to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get so well um ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been uh so uh a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just okay okay okay you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the uh you know like world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects um like like every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True so you know I mean Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some of our you know so well most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and I mean okay so show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free you know like well on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used okay uh uh will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson like um um of Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs you know uh well to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things like okay okay were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England um uh okay lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you um so well were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face like I mean so a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so okay okay uh for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low you know um um as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval uh uh you know village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and so I mean um brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach so uh well okay up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew okay so um a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany you know um well Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said well like okay that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up who I mean okay like is going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes okay you know you know Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State I mean so you know. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months um like I mean ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool okay like I mean. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name I mean so so is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having uh like uh the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro well so like there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues like um um. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you well so um know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on you know I mean well to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch okay I mean like and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we um like you know always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely so I mean uh got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your host um so um and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools I mean like so you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream like okay okay life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to okay um okay fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively I mean um okay over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share you know so you know my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into like um I mean my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart you know um okay Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he talking uh I mean um chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about to um so okay analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And um um uh in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either okay um like places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out um okay I mean of his open hand and brings it out and then D is well okay okay high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll so you know I mean be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our um I mean uh boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is um okay well Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then uh okay you know to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem well I mean so or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and like you know uh I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, uh well um um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And you know I mean well I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, um um uh and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and so so uh have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this you know you know okay podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that uh okay so I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's uh so like a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use you know um you know anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet I mean well um. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or you know you know um your computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so so um so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many okay like um more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you I mean so uh are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need you know so um to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are like um like joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like uh like like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the so so um coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the second um well well time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got to talk so like well about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get okay uh um to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and okay uh I mean we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just you know I mean um want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked okay uh you know a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all like uh uh my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into you know um you know my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like well you know um Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like you know well okay boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs, right and so well uh instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all you know you know uh absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right across from my uh like you know back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be um I mean um brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good you know well okay time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast well so like. Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise okay you know okay you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for I mean you know so my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the so well uh journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by well uh I mean yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you you know uh okay know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the well um so part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now uh like uh you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow like so well today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter you know I mean like found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no you know you know like one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick you know um like of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved um like okay murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's I mean like so most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts well I mean you know. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode like uh um includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a um I mean I mean young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the um well uh podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht Edge you know um um. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can uh well okay support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big well okay so Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not uh okay well mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in I mean like you know conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will so so okay be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of um like uh a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually like um like about the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what I mean like okay it actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology like okay like and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host I mean okay like John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter I mean uh so at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News you know well so Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of uh okay well a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia like so um that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware you know like um that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is you know like you know that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she um you know uh has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have so um like found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she I mean well I mean states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron like like well has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped well you know uh her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a I mean okay uh content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I I mean I mean um want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed you know like I mean to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus you know okay I mean. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that I mean um well guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark um uh like. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today you know um you know we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's I mean so so get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet like okay okay we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the okay I mean you know chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but um um you know it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all the same like I mean like classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter you know um um art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her you know uh okay illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation so like well practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who you know okay um spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree planting like um like is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground okay um um day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories you know okay so that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture well you know okay that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the so okay um ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place um you know I mean for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the well um um podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not I mean uh like drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or like um like build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of well so you know where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first so well well level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do you so okay well want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the okay like I mean supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want like I mean uh to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally okay I mean um the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with like I mean well you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make sure so okay um you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores and actually um well uh build a real business now before we get into it, I should let you know that um like okay if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for okay so so you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce you know so I mean results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn okay you know you know more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each like I mean um workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or um like like under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your I mean I mean I mean workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, I mean I mean you know let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages I mean uh okay to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble uh uh you know falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word well I mean well of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And you know so you know so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an so well well inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this so okay I mean. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text so so you know K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it well okay you know on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like braised uh um uh. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given on the um um like bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline so well like you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller like you know like and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome so I mean you know to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and uh um so we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that like um um I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is okay um well a spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has you know well you know to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back well um like. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American so you know like Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of um okay uh our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's uh you know okay your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All so uh uh right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on well so uh Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did uh like uh you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no like well so prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my um uh like irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the you know you know like podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and um like okay we have a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done uh well so special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came in with my so I mean uh PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really divided up like well um walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was you know so I mean at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he told me on like like like the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was Pouring rain uh uh so. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My husband I mean so I mean my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We well uh so are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and you know so okay it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our so uh I mean virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 am so okay well. Eastern standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, so uh so you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, uh um like we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business okay I mean uh tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / I mean you know um create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg like uh you know. Forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and like I mean so I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as you know uh you know unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes um well like by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip so you know you know and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're okay you know uh here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster okay like uh from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man I mean I mean so. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah like so like. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like um well well you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry you know well okay about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like real so so like faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because I I mean uh um know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks like so uh podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will like well um be covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting uh so so Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about you know like you know right from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole you know I mean okay to the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to okay you know um the moon. So if like us you are another parking space and what to stay um um um up-to-date with all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult um well like consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi well um you know. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All I mean well so I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back um um you know seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you know, uh I mean okay I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking you know okay I mean to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this um like well. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero okay you know you know to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the like so well podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video you know so um games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths like so um of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And like I mean uh so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this so uh okay far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here I mean um like. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today okay well okay is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release so um um this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and uh I mean um man. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you okay like well guys to hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do okay so I mean recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think well um I mean that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way um I mean well that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like uh so um valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about so you know well her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her uh I mean okay as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you I mean well okay brushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and I mean so you know brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and you know uh um every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is well you know okay heroines are a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country okay so well their names were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the okay uh I mean Trung sisters were born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a um well I mean powerful man and have them trained in martial arts back in those days uh well well Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino okay I mean like can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith uh like okay. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello um you know well. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re you know I mean so free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long you know um uh as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now um um like Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the um uh you know day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are like I mean you know so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first like I mean like place of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first um you know well place due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the um uh you know tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't like you know I mean care if technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look um well like at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is okay uh so the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat like so I mean the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the so like you know topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got okay you know like an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably so well I mean since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now uh I mean okay. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple um okay okay of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All um so uh at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind of emerged I mean uh well at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him to text well so uh her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast uh well like for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy like well well Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, so you know okay and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I like um well mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr like like like my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in like I mean uh secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to like um I mean talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First I mean I mean you know. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote like okay I mean unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is you know okay so the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we like I mean so know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were um um you know just talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this I mean you know like puck in a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or you know okay like players that they were using it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar like okay uh players throughout the league the practice with the see if they can notice anything so you know I mean feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor which so well I mean is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor its you know you know like easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's creation tools you know uh well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay so you know. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on things okay uh you know like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast you know well I mean with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one okay you know uh place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to uh um like get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach like okay like the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host you know I mean uh Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so so uh well excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and so so well I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a well like I mean podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor so I mean uh I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you so like well everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your um okay um phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to like well you know record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast so okay like for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify I mean you know so Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with uh you know I mean no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so I mean like podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put so uh uh any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal okay uh like. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like well like from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of I mean okay so money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so like well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best like like uh part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's um okay um everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free um okay uh anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches well I mean well proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing okay like like a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need you know you know okay a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to okay okay uh the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes uh um okay and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today well uh I mean. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo I mean you know okay. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about so well um all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was okay uh okay taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He so I mean so had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing okay um um proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days you know uh okay and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I mean so well wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest I mean so well way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects so like well are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software I mean um okay to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host um um so the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while I mean you know uh also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives um like I mean me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either so uh uh from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us okay so uh the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting so uh so your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app I mean I mean um or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to you know like like hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called so uh I mean before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I okay uh like looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself you know so so on the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation so okay you know with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just well well uh what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how well uh so are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you so well okay know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit so you know okay of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make uh I mean so a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to you know so um record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will well um okay distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform okay you know uh such as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything I mean I mean um you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um so uh dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello um okay you know and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again for so uh um joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He is you know so well a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap. You so you know you know can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soap.com they so like okay make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with and so uh okay like grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance so okay like to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first you know um I mean time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're okay you know you know going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any you know um well Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have you know I mean um it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to you know okay well them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably could uh well like I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we so um like can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust um I mean okay me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad uh uh like occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in I mean okay um this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio well um you know versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please um you know okay do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are uh um well say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am uh like well at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked um I mean I mean this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching well like so top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways uh so uh to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and well so okay ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one point or another they have uh I mean so had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be okay like okay there or they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high okay well uh Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who well you know uh were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at um well uh the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred you know well you know and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of well well I mean those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us you know um uh today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the activities like um so you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes you know um okay boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots okay you know okay of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're you know so I mean back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last okay so you know few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right like um well now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this virus I mean um um has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and like like so we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the like uh um governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the I mean you know like US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep uh so um hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay you know. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit well um um your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you well I mean um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make I mean uh um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in uh like I mean one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank uh um I mean you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to well uh like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you uh okay like know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just have uh uh uh an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special special um um well edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars uh I mean like session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or uh you know like evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come uh so I mean for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I um okay um Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of you know okay okay the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and so so okay I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio like well like Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We uh I mean well talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was so so well the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were well so like younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's okay I mean like a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we I mean I mean um have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So um like so like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor uh okay okay it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's um I mean um free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit like well okay your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast well I mean um to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you okay okay so can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man like I mean like. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything um like um you need to do all one place and to download the app go to so so uh anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in you know okay uh the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome you know um like to episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The um you know uh first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking well okay well it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic of um I mean okay today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl so uh like goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna like uh well who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the I mean you know uh other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask I mean well like because obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions like I mean uh because there it's like talked about in my first book 3% man that you I mean okay I mean can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and you know well okay cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of well so so podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you well like uh guys the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube so okay I mean. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully so you know well like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John okay I mean I mean by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from okay so um the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So like well okay essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this so uh um first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of uh you know um QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right now you know um uh. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender so you know you know Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo boys well I mean okay. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the roots um like uh. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back well um uh In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are you know I mean okay who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to like you know uh say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as I mean um uh you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see well well so random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to fight you know well so for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I okay like like became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach Bree well um um was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy okay I mean like school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also has like so you know a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major I mean uh I mean and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II well you know so at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about okay so uh not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to dive um um you know into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had like so like to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some situations um well I mean where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design like well okay and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment okay I mean okay business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not like like uh working so that it starts to work for you through human design and well well like Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income you know okay like each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in um uh well a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to like uh I mean align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip well okay so balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully I mean I mean um designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to well like so promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order like okay I mean use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes uh uh uh. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend so so so enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on um like like the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you so like I mean can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total so so um talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old um uh uh came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita like um you know Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting like you know I mean over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic well you know well as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin you know um well just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs so um okay burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to so you know you know hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty uh um okay fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the so so so December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus um well uh hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that I mean so uh GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 04% I mean uh you know. That economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was like you know okay at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it I mean like I mean looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the uh so I mean fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and well like I mean the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I uh uh I mean stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind uh you know I mean of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are okay I mean like really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do I mean like so whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your so uh you know kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and I mean so okay let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're okay I mean well the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the okay uh um messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all you know okay okay things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so you know okay I mean that you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other uh well well messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your uh uh so health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello uh you know you know and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode okay okay so is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? okay I mean well Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few like so so weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone like uh you know sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well so I mean well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here well like well to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you so I mean so are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that um well okay. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, you know okay so it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic uh I mean um. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to okay uh you know build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present well well well is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want okay um so to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is uh I mean um it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to um okay I mean sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving uh okay so and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice um you know like when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you like like uh episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals so so so to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid okay uh I mean of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested so well I mean by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or um I mean okay top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked uh okay well a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you so uh so recommend for personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm I mean you know uh going to share with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact well uh uh on me or the ones that are In the Forefront of my mind well well you know right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened to over the you know uh you know past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list and okay uh so I did a version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on um well okay the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well okay well you know here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot of um so um real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get to so well well this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact well well well that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn well okay um it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just I mean uh like really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us okay well well to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once I mean uh like in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome uh you know you know everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario uh you know uh Canada and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has you know well well a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So um so you know let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the you know so um amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate well I mean uh of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films you know I mean so Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy I mean well so these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday like uh like. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow so well like conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now well well well ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on AfterBuzz um I mean so TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here to you know like you know talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give I mean uh okay you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time so you know uh tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is I mean um uh an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course like so so your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said like uh um yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got okay I mean you know me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host so like okay here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money you know uh okay and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did well you know uh I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle uh um you know amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All well um I mean right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've um so well never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know I mean well I mean what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk you know um um now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys okay so you know are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're here like so um. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how you know you know I mean we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over I mean you know well here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing you know okay like team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I mean like okay I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a okay well I mean reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien um so you know. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien okay I mean um and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our so like okay show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in uh well um US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with like I mean okay it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this um well um but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do um um uh a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have uh um I mean my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the well um um background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two you know okay I mean kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like okay um you know they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that documents like like you know everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the uh so I mean people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians well I mean so about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain you know like like at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class okay um uh consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented like so I mean by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to I mean I mean uh the very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded you know so well live on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're so okay so going to hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from I mean well well the audience as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter okay uh okay trivia and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should well I mean I mean mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of well okay well this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about okay I mean like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation you know okay um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay like uh computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple well well okay podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with okay um um no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one um you know like place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to well okay um get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for uh um okay tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl um so well. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind like well so of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we I mean like like changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you well you know so follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if I mean so like you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to uh like so them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling like I mean I mean and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done uh like you know so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or well okay okay browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the okay um um conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys so like you know first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but like well so it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It well like okay doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So okay you know you know we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad Mike okay well I mean. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, but like well um that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you know so like you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you okay I mean you know. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the so so well benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation uh uh uh of Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose you know so well gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa um um so Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to I mean like uh be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm I mean well well going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite um so uh poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy okay uh like vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of okay I mean um you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would I mean I mean um that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with you know so I mean dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy I mean so uh dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and well you know okay we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's like um okay no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing I mean okay like that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast okay you know well with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual okay um uh. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided like so well to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe you know you know like be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and like well you know my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore okay I mean okay topics that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each okay okay well topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new day you know so um could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel well like like and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some of our topics moving uh well uh forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you were um well okay going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I would probably you know like so do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the same I mean okay um time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke I mean I mean um dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting I mean uh so. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just love okay so so it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay I mean uh right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my so you know you know mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into the okay well you know episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy so so uh. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your okay um so podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great okay uh I mean download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I uh um okay have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like I mean well well delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to go so okay like to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like uh okay uh wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such like uh uh yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is well okay so the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the okay uh like internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how most um okay okay of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to hit them so uh you know up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and I um like okay hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking I mean well uh at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X like like well syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide I mean so well repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on I mean you know uh the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation so so well of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you know you know well you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast you know uh so form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast you know well um with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 uh you know okay. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like so uh uh listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash uh you know well garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What well okay like up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson like like okay. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes okay I mean like and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know I mean I mean um what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working okay well so on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong I mean so okay about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a I mean I mean well Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as like uh well people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray you know well like areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue I mean uh like for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach like um okay and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have so well uh a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at so um well God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our like I mean you know community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a fat okay you know I mean callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, like okay you know so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with I mean um like midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus you know I mean well. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney um I mean I mean personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool I mean you know I mean Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is so uh um capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, um okay uh such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not like I mean like reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast I mean okay well listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have um um like but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling I mean like um you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked I mean um I mean. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu steak you know okay like uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard so you know so about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's so I mean so free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to um uh okay pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that like well okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super well like uh simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay you know uh so for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you um so like where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each um uh I mean one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 uh I mean um years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for you know you know uh the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or whatever like um well platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm okay okay um going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day so I mean I mean happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right well like uh now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's possible uh um uh that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know well uh okay what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year okay uh like. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting you know um um down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying well you know like back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the I mean okay so World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that like you know you know cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports like like okay events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special well um um listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes okay you know well into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in um okay um on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing you know like um that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at you know okay uh patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do uh well like you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading you know like like that week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to well so so Nori events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in okay um um that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, well so okay we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very I mean so okay much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it well okay like isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you know I mean you know you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out I mean so I mean our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and so I mean so thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we I mean like okay had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a well well um discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the okay um like conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked uh uh I mean up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto like you know I mean the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy well okay I mean Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday like okay um morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some of well so you know the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk like um so about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I like I mean so know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate well well you know you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly uh you know uh talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an you know like well example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly I mean so I mean swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had like okay um much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest like so uh scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The like okay I mean former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and okay okay I mean Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought uh you know like he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the well um I mean past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from okay you know I mean the bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no um like uh matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He like well okay could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had like uh um I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and well you know okay why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be I mean uh uh at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on okay I mean so what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with well um uh source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite um okay you know some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like like um okay. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't okay well you know know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right well um so now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll uh you know uh find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we uh I mean like chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with I mean you know well us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside you know I mean you know podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to like I mean well help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic I mean well you know in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content so uh um about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of I mean so you know the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode um uh so. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network uh um you know. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore so um um ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world so well uh really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you well you know I mean listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in uh well um the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys from you know um you know the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're well okay like doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you well um so said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but like uh uh what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this well you know well man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his you know um like location just a block away for over four years going it to you know you know I mean the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices like you know you know in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to like um so the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes so well so. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start okay I mean like a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't you know so I mean heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free you know um okay. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know I mean okay from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can okay uh well be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from so you know uh your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast well okay so in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go you know like uh to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent okay you know you know Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting so like uh with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We like um you know got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir well okay you know MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch uh well you know on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right okay okay um lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day okay um I mean outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's well like um great pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing I mean so you know. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring a like so so room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me just so like uh see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's got okay okay well seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH um I mean like AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we are organizing a I mean so so dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at least a hundred and uh well okay fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for like like okay work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast I mean you know you know. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John well well well. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about like you know like a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In like okay well advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will come well uh I mean out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the uh I mean I mean air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh uh I mean like gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very like I mean well classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what it means uh well um to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas and podcast this so so I mean week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of wild okay I mean I mean Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled um um uh with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our uh you know well menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman like um you know complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you okay so like about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app okay so like. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend like uh um of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh okay okay I mean my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going you know I mean uh to do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to um so like ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard like I mean I mean and how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of um uh like money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor I mean like well it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh um so podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you uh um okay so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make okay uh okay money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership okay um like. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do like like so it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England um um um. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab okay so well your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority you know I mean like roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and you know okay like only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's like you know like really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so um I mean you know is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I like I mean you know should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones so um so at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the so I mean like Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me so uh okay in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no you know I mean okay need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this uh you know I mean is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and you know like uh movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so I mean I mean like cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my like uh okay clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during I mean okay well our time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation um I mean so about her journey that led up to her and I working together where you know uh um she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that you can't stand okay you know okay also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails uh I mean okay and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch of like okay I mean like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you well I mean well know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm so well uh gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with a like like well little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal voice one you I mean I mean I mean Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them well so okay and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so you know um you know I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in okay like uh the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining like you know okay was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went um uh I mean to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay like well okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all okay so um the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right I mean I mean uh now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this well so well is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie uh um like names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, okay um okay and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, okay I mean so which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to so okay I mean talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you I mean you know you know so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You um uh so inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out well I mean um today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are well so like as a church and I just want to I just want to take this um well so opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco you know well like something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I you know you know I mean believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy um um you know Spirit to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is okay okay I mean advised this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find like I mean you know offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy uh um okay January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland um like you know Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly okay so you know lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had so okay well come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle uh okay well instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today well uh you know. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a well I mean so national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as I mean you know um the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor well like okay band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one uh um so of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has so uh you know been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation I mean um so this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and okay like you know tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called uh you know you know youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese like okay uh made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for okay um so spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be I mean you know I mean the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing I mean um uh this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name you know so okay is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker like so like and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? okay so I mean Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines I mean so uh. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to okay um well encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM uh like well to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not um you know uh know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like you know um you know five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I okay so um have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all well um okay the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides I mean so like. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else so you know uh. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it you know so I mean. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that like I mean so needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make well so I mean sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin well like okay show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the uh um uh Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk so like you know about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm uh um okay offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you I mean you know uh a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've like I mean I mean asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed so you know uh my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts I mean I mean you know life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today uh uh like I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford you know um uh ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters um like so kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell I mean I mean um you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He um um like said I want to tell you about something that I found out they if I mean like you know you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says uh okay uh it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I well so well was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles I mean like you know Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a I mean um I mean couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on you know you know okay Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see you know I mean well what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying like like uh The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I I mean okay okay want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and uh like well something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know well like um that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a you know so you know lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any I mean okay like kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 okay okay uh 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a well like um financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the article uh like okay shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial like so you know reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really loved to save I mean um okay money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make so like you know productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her I mean so so background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals uh so like for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the you know so I mean future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to so I mean so handle and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in so I mean okay the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it I mean okay um again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career so okay you know paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The um well uh Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and uh okay I mean Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host okay well well. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director so uh well stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things um like uh to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going like uh okay to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to well well uh talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? uh I mean I mean You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun well I mean so. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews uh like you know or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess uh I mean so that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal I mean well so experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case um you know so at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the okay um well podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer well like you know and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, like I mean okay okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um like um me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your um well you know podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So um uh uh it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can like um like make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make uh well well podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM like okay you know to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk I mean like I mean. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion you know like so assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about you know well okay how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in um so um your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that uh so um the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be okay um like priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from um uh uh John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have well uh okay I Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, so okay well you will remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands um um you know and remain in his love I have told you this so that my joy may be okay uh like in you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love um I mean you know each other as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to well well so lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want you know you know well to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy uh okay uh this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free well so I mean that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your I mean well you know phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard okay okay well on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make um like I mean money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download so I mean well the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up so uh well guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book I mean um um one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one um okay I mean that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I you know so I mean am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing good uh I mean um. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly known as your well I mean well Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead. And anyways, my um um well name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally like I mean I mean aired on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is well well like not any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're uh uh well out walking the dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to well okay well watch the video version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us uh so okay doing this, please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we um you know well really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's highly uh you know you know recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer like uh like of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective like like like imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you like I mean okay can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once I mean you know you know famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually like okay you know travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel you know you know like Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading well uh I mean shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans like well uh of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation well well I mean fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat um so you know it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how you know um um the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no um well so accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers I mean you know okay take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is I mean so you know specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an so um like engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple so well okay villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her um well you know about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College Christian I mean I mean well church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in our you know uh like emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing so okay I mean so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is going to walk you know like uh us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do um like well you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It started in high okay okay well school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community there, but it really okay uh well started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what you know I mean well ways do you think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I came to well okay like Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way okay uh well to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide you know I mean uh you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me okay I mean so to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember Episodes um um you know of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy um you know like for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you need so well okay to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the uh so so Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis of I mean like um the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse um like so 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was said well like I mean you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this to you love I mean uh okay your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way. You will so well uh be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad uh I mean so men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot like well you know f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything uh I mean uh you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major okay um uh channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make you know uh like money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor uh like um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in well well um Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis you know um okay co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined okay well um by Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for um okay so a song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March so like you know. 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will like uh uh also have five beers on tap from two birds and we go through the so I mean well episode and we try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes okay uh you know on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy um um so from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged well so uh him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication um um so she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this follow okay so you know Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to like um like the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes you know you know um discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word I mean okay okay. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a okay I mean okay podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that you know like like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And um like so once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too uh so well many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only I mean um like is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for okay so um you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership you know so uh. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true uh okay well. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this like well like zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing like okay uh show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's like uh I mean just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening you know okay um in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of okay I mean like that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening I mean so well to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for uh okay okay the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you okay um okay hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd um um okay love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you you know well uh can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've okay well okay got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and I mean I mean like a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand I mean I mean uh titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before I mean I mean um we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you know so okay you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of uh uh uh Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that okay well uh enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends so okay uh based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign I mean you know um up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast you know um I mean host many of you might already know that we record each episode using so so so anchor, but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's so um so the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the well um um podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you know you know like you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your uh okay so podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and I mean I mean um the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a podcast uh okay uh in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app well you know I mean or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the okay um you know True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor Dame's first well well well spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about you guys. But I mean you know you know those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if like uh like I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and okay um like we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February. I so you know okay know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's well you know like what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we can um okay okay talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with the you know okay you know in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the I mean um I mean guys that stood out to you and I put out a list this morning of um so well the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable um like uh there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but I mean uh I mean well I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast okay okay well. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life like you know well again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the um uh uh time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have uh well I mean my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas like well uh. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today you know um okay we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian um um you know world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell I mean so so me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection of well well well my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously I mean okay okay in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev you know I mean so to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable uh uh you know age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so uh okay um in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a I mean okay okay cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas uh like okay and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have uh you know like Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they um well okay attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this well so well is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to um I mean like the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined well I mean uh by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said like I mean I mean today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of the uh okay um week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, you know you know well I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your uh well like hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about the you know uh well Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a so I mean well apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening uh uh you know and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you okay okay well support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a so well um customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails I mean okay um done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you well okay you know how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes well uh uh years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who well I mean you know would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years so so okay for police to connect him to four other murders years and a like well so clever. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like I mean um I mean your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with um um you know a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina um I mean well Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated I mean like I mean by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let so you know uh me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me you know I mean well explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you like okay I mean to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your so I mean um podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many like um I mean more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from uh like I mean your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a so like um podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice okay you know you know out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to okay I mean okay get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to so I mean so all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one you know um well place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge I mean okay um catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my like um okay beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a I mean like um good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that well okay um. Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each okay um okay other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, well well I mean we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to okay um you know this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to uh I mean I mean talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make so so you know a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you know um so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute I mean so you know your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple uh like so pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum you know so well listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download well uh um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get I mean like um started. Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you know so like you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to so um um you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and um I mean so distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what you know I mean so it is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find uh I mean uh out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms well well um. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast you know um well right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast okay um like all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or I mean like you know go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, uh you know well bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for okay so you know me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom uh I mean well wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell uh so well and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of um uh um Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to um so I mean go over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities so you know uh. I think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I so like like got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, uh well you know but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him like okay um a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star uh well like Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to well well I mean get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're well you know well passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished like I mean um guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I'm so well um your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting um I mean uh coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire um you know I mean. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram well so um and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by I mean well like clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you know I mean like you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask I mean uh you know that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years so like um old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert so um well Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure I mean I mean you know you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but you know so I mean the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has like so like a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time okay I mean like or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm I mean okay um talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has um you know well a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business owners so uh well looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a well well so better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? I'm uh okay um really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like I mean like you know I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of I mean okay uh this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, but it kind uh you know so of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my okay I mean uh routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the Texas okay um so integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it I mean um well. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right you know okay so so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special well you know so guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you um okay well here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but I mean uh I mean English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our um um so guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today I mean I mean well. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a kid uh well I mean. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old I mean um you know. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to accept you know well uh an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet player. Already I mean well you know playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community like you know so of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter um like so of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome to Legends like well um cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the uh so okay legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of okay so so Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit like okay you know of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our uh I mean um schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen okay you know uh to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a you know like I mean premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can uh I mean um follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes so well I mean to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with like like okay your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure well uh like to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse you know like like podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you you know like like never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode well uh you know 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel like I mean I mean Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic okay well I mean of pediatric traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip okay so so dislocations are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries okay uh um in children less than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general uh uh like anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular um well I mean fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries um you know so or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric okay well uh patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the uh well well mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low uh like well energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at like so well lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that like um okay all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest uh you know I mean Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if so so like there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello um I mean um everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you so I mean you know who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some I mean I mean okay major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I so well uh don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this is uh uh well a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I like okay uh think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it I mean uh um is about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad um um um this up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out you know okay well what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most you know I mean okay Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy like so okay tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you like well um you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey well I mean I mean guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to I mean well okay hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations okay well um the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to well uh I mean come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about I mean well you know core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know I mean you know like what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming so um so to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent like okay so Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of uh I mean well Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline um so okay why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah I mean I mean like. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure I mean well uh. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram like um um there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It uh well okay was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like well well uh a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the okay like I mean SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here okay like I mean with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the I mean okay um CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's so uh uh great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead okay um you know of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, okay like like please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four like you know well six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can be so um well an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There's so well okay a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm Todd. I'm like so okay Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so happy for you that uh um well you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm well well okay thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter you know like so sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started um okay uh it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the you know well like garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you you know well um started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been like well I mean um what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a like I mean um month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's so uh uh one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car um like like is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard well okay you know and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it well okay um or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 like I mean so our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today okay so uh. We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of like I mean you know an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from you know like you know some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is I mean you know uh Really the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and okay you know well such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based um um so practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers uh so you know welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development you know I mean um trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back I mean okay I mean Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the you know so uh usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books okay um okay. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and so like you know the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back you know um you know podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I you know you know you know have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes uh I mean like you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've okay okay uh got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us like I mean okay as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and um I mean I mean comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're okay uh so just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like so well uh hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow so so like but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the um so okay Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever okay so um one sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm well like like Tim, this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had I mean you know uh an idea one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks like okay you know and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know you know okay okay might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross well well um margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model uh um I mean X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from I mean so so a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to well okay well the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode you know like so. We were just recording and we're talking about this new track package that came okay okay um out for the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get you know I mean well these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already so um you know cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand uh you know so more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it I mean well you know perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool so so okay thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla uh um well as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new like um like features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love well I mean uh and the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be I mean okay like telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use well um like for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone okay okay so computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the okay I mean so podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your well uh I mean podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you you know so okay need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type okay um well of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done so um uh. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't so so uh think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to you know I mean you know talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get like you know well the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're okay I mean so having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice I mean I mean so Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation with you know I mean like Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff game that you uh like okay would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer. Also like uh well Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could I mean um I mean potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing to listen okay I mean okay to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with your um you know like earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and you know well well more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I so um well love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because uh like okay they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look I mean like so no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make okay like okay a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to so you know okay host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and uh well like edit your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your I mean okay I mean podcast for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host so um um your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you I mean uh well and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership uh uh well. It's everything that you want in a podcast in one place. You have something to you know uh okay say you want to get it out. You want to write a note just um you know so upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and okay okay I mean save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard so you know well about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me like I mean um explain. It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record uh like like and edit your podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your so uh I mean computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, okay like you know like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You uh I mean I mean can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh well um to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go I mean so uh to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow okay um so a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the so well well more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I mean I mean I mean I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down so okay okay with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons you know okay so. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome like um so back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya I mean so I mean my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a okay I mean so mica covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's I mean like you know KU Z AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get um uh so the full code. Just listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This well like I mean is huge and you're listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living so uh uh to have you here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike uh so I mean Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this so uh so is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the I mean um I mean top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from uh like uh 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths um uh you know from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of um okay you know age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from okay um I mean history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify uh well okay or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known you know so okay event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 over uh well I mean your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood you know so I mean of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come like you know I mean close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you hear well um like this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close some of um so I mean already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite so so you know is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? okay you know so There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here okay I mean I mean with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode we are uh um well man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All well so I mean right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have I mean I mean so a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol um uh um 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so uh um so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just you know so well what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what uh like well we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus um I mean so is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it uh well you know in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in um so uh this episode I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more you know uh uh about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact so like um. This is having on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog. Hey like you know so guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no so so like photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s you know you know um rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's I mean well I mean for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome okay you know uh to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly uh so I mean photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a well okay um gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough you know um okay social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, okay so so I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping like well you know down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But I mean so like now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those well so so no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your host um I mean um Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it I mention it on Twitter well um so and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray well uh um Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you um so well. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr um so okay. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm uh uh I mean also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love um I mean okay helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each I mean you know uh week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques well I mean uh for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy like like I mean looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their well okay like biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a um so uh rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to I mean uh I mean find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards like I mean okay areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio you know like well help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of okay okay um holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the um um well mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author so I mean so Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find so like well their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is okay uh well the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite well uh well the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the um I mean I mean only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags well I mean okay. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ you know I mean you know Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We you know well like got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How uh well well you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a uh you know you know conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking uh you know you know to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real okay um I mean talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to do um you know uh is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth like so um nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All I mean uh well right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just like I mean well just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace okay I mean okay certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going to you know I mean you know be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's you know so um see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard I mean you know um to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that well well I mean kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get okay like like together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a okay you know uh while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent uh uh you know the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I uh well like met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to so okay um share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion okay I mean like. I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need so so like to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are um so like those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And like um I mean we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo you know you know well. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow like uh okay and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks um okay you know out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want okay I mean okay to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City I mean um uh at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in like you know okay Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E you know okay I mean - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to I mean like I mean play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up uh I mean okay and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the well um I mean podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent so you know like in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works so um like hard towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson okay like like and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about like okay like the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, um uh uh I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you okay so okay doing. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about okay like like the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just I mean you know well about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they uh I mean uh take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours okay so uh wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer okay um um time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm well uh you know like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good and you know like I mean I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I um well so can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of okay so well True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every you know I mean so week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the most fascinating okay like uh True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips from some um um well of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and like I mean you know Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can well uh okay find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts well okay okay a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing you know uh uh cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with so so well an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last well you know you know few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up um uh you know as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the I mean uh well virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and like uh well we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the World like um uh Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is um like like with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who so uh uh get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is um okay so based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong like you know well and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss well okay I mean failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing how um you know uh much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my name's I mean um well Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this like okay um episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm I mean like you know Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm like so uh Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX well um um 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well so I mean well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say um okay okay hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure um I mean you know as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you like uh um here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the I mean so okay ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on I mean I mean well the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday okay like I mean Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang uh okay you know right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know so um well that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of well okay uh the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you you know like uh keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of okay like I mean the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned I mean well so there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for uh I mean like death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and okay well you know forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far I mean so okay greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in okay I mean so 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted I mean um well of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a uh um so reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's you know you know um the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore like okay um. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more well so like personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, uh um like but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you're I mean you know well in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems um okay so impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to well um I mean find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the so you know uh description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our so like um / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over um like uh those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl well I mean well playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the um so like details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle okay um I mean School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into okay like uh the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the I mean uh uh new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again um I mean uh is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, okay you know well Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm like I mean you know here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this I mean okay well is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God well I mean okay. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to I mean I mean so see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing well well uh the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also well um you know talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative okay um um Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other um you know uh artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, okay um so be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about so like um gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per well like like ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 well uh uh January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his um like um record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record you know okay you know high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I okay um so think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in okay so uh 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges okay um I mean a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience uh uh you know experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go okay so so along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? I mean like well Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began uh so you know my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to well uh I mean do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated um um uh so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name like well uh is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say I mean okay so the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just you know like um skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would uh like you know I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have like you know so a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest you know I mean um was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought like like okay it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show like I mean well for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll you know um you know The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great well I mean you know. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two episodes I mean I mean so in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four like well I mean dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5 okay so uh. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five I mean so like round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a I mean I mean I mean confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that um um so oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the um I mean okay Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had uh I mean okay that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go uh well you know wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its you know okay so heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from um like I mean history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush so so well all the way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a so I mean I mean brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things uh okay I mean and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a well you know uh young girl. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to well well um one of the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she um okay okay decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our podcast like like um. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope it so uh so builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in like I mean so your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I I mean um okay am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the like um you know scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow um well like. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11 I mean I mean uh. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last well you know okay night. The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this you know I mean like audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online you know uh I mean community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate um um okay online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for so well like phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most um uh you know of these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested uh like so in interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the okay you know I mean notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club like uh like what we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to like you know uh take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start like um you know your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a you know so like service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each so I mean so episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and uh okay um have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as okay uh okay I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record um um um host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone okay um well. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with um um you know no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious I mean like I mean about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know uh um I mean that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest so I mean you know way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place so um well for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can um well okay use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to uh uh okay allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also you know uh like will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like I mean well so we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many like so so more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with I mean um uh no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to well uh you know get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a um um okay fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy so like so Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me okay well I mean. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly well so well viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise I mean um uh. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between you know okay I mean Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins I mean you know I mean. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to well so I mean go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought so so okay this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there okay I mean like was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable you know uh I mean development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here I mean like um to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning so you know uh for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build like so you know it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population um like well 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world like okay okay. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for uh you know so object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek you know well um is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus like I mean you know. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, so three I mean so um years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase um so uh and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that like like okay dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow you know so I mean and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really high like like um profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two years, I so okay you know worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than well so well I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned and uh so I mean the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it I mean so well was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever like um you know asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way um like I mean that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, like okay so you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation I mean okay okay. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here you know like you know to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So like you know well it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you you know okay I mean know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough so well uh because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways I mean well um to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless well I mean uh that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight um so I mean. I'm your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT okay um um Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you uh okay so can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North uh so um. We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit I mean um uh Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen uh you know well this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think so like well it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige uh well um suit and a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this you know so so guy is dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel well uh okay Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice uh well uh. So you are and are you going to work right after this? well so you know Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so well you know um what we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks so um you know. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode you know okay so of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today you know okay I mean. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be like like uh a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a um you know so meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk you know um you know a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be you know uh so the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at okay so like the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the okay okay well Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is you know you know like the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you well okay like know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk um so um about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is like uh I mean a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free so you know like and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can okay okay you know record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as so so you know good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded I mean um so on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can uh um well Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make um well so easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No well well uh minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right so well I mean now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be so okay so settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime I mean you know um. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal so I mean so with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and um okay um grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her you know well uh forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked okay like so up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge you know like so came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple I mean so you know that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver so well well the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing well okay um show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little I mean okay you know circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking um like uh about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania well um you know is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the um um okay palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking okay you know uh Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the um well you know top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was like I mean well the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being um well you know with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's the Partnerships uh so okay that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are going to like okay okay be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is I um uh uh think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it's okay so well awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to be I mean so you know we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? you know I mean so Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We you know like well really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going okay like so to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule well you know well is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're I mean okay uh going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase you know uh you know want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm you know um you know so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea I mean so I mean how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor uh like okay dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different uh okay well platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from um okay I mean your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor well okay well app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when okay um okay in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo so like okay code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome like okay so to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try well like okay to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is okay um you know right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run so well so across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's so well okay part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of like well well in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You I mean I mean okay have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it you know you know um and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? I mean um you know Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig like like well around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I um so I mean cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I you know I mean um hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a like okay well lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm well you know well your host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the you know so um skirt and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode okay uh you know of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't um okay uh well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to so like uh just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the well so so goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let uh um um me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start I mean uh okay out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were okay you know I mean just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your I mean you know um favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a like um um premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like I you know you know you know do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you can I mean uh um share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already okay um you know be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or uh well uh browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular well you know so Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had some okay like I mean shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of which like like well is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really well uh like long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here and I mean like you know a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I have not uh okay well consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One so I mean I mean of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds uh like you know of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is well so well it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your like like so wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your like uh like imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display uh okay um in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes okay okay you know them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk um uh you know about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and well so well earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I um well so not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's I mean you know like simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you like well you know guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are like you know so days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And you know um so that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to you know um you know plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to uh like you know either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about um okay you know the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a I mean I mean like podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you so so okay to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your um uh you know podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many well well um many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's like well like everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free um um I mean anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to like I mean I mean another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, well uh okay welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century like you know like BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of you know I mean like all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want um okay well to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast I mean so well presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like well I mean so medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and uh um I mean anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory so um um the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing we I mean um um can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think okay like okay hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with like uh like Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to okay so um be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app like um okay take talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a well um well really popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months okay you know you know. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous like like well. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot uh okay like of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular well okay like. Is this song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, uh uh um and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast so you know you know a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games well like you know Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this um okay like isn't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are you know uh so bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and um I mean um re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover okay um uh recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the I mean you know uh rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of um like uh the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as uh I mean well narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover okay like so I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is so like okay a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles okay like you know throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and uh okay you know get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development um so I mean productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and uh okay um get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app um um I mean and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our content plan by Miracle, uh like so 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction so like I mean Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's you know uh you know worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all like so okay in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the um um well quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a um um I mean Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about uh you know so six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting well so um on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to like I mean okay notice a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll like uh you know bet that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had okay like uh floated out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on like you know I mean watching the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against okay um I mean the current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it you know I mean I mean. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again uh you know so after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and well okay you know Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi uh you know um. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this like you know so moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like um I mean you know hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, I mean like well it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two you know uh okay of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us like like um you know dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their like I mean I mean lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams like um I mean now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot you know you know so of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like I mean well I mean a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some uh you know okay of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo uh well uh a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when okay like so we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift like I mean I mean through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high you know you know well intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We okay so you know thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember so I mean well if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send so you know so us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks um so you know. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water um well you know went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again um like um and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you I mean I mean okay about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free well uh like. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay uh okay your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum okay well I mean listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify um okay so Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in like okay like one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a well I mean like special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? I mean I mean well My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay you know well you know. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because so okay I mean I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet I mean like so like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended um um um that I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is uh well uh going to listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at so I mean so American Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your you know so I mean full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third okay well you know birthday. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go well so um alone. So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society so like so. My name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell I mean like well. We've got a good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about like well like the news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum like I mean you know games and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend um I mean well of Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I also so um well love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz I mean you know um he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the well okay uh horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other you know I mean well reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the so I mean I mean Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we uh well well make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's um um um what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our well uh like episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean I mean uh me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that I mean well um allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor okay well so will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean you know okay and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's well well okay everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor I mean so um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to you know um like the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time like um you know reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD okay like um uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift well so okay. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this week's like you know like episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race uh I mean okay coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week I mean well okay one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, okay well like however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished um like I mean all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have well you know um a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam well you know well for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home you know like so free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like um I mean um straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was you know so okay like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the you know like um hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of um okay so the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about uh uh uh Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast so so uh and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that I mean so um is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little I mean so um bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you well like like never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram so so okay and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever I mean you know I mean you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already okay okay um but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the um um uh Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are um so I mean Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss uh well um an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody uh okay um Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey you know well uh Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So uh um like I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't um okay like talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear well so um the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're so um like not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we like uh well say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to like you know okay piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah um I mean I mean. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk well so okay now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show and okay you know like guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Hills you know you know I mean. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one you know okay well. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not okay you know I mean do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my you know you know you know love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover like um like could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school I mean like um. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she uh um um brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are I mean okay uh you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel um uh um like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for I mean you know you know months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and well um you know I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and distribute your uh you know you know podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do all well well um of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of like okay so the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything well okay um that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's um I mean well what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app um okay so or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F you know you know so m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello well like I mean everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So so so I mean for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original well uh uh old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was I mean well you know one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first okay okay uh ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I uh um um was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems well you know uh wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that like you know you know so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk um so uh to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just uh so um Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what I mean so so happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm you know okay I mean going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And it okay uh I mean means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for a long um you know well time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our life and well so you know so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that story like like like and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going to I mean uh you know have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and so you know okay sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of uh uh I mean humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me you know so um not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's like like okay exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that like you know you know explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television like like like telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like um uh so this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of so okay I mean Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of uh you know so anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for like uh you know not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see so well like what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just um like so talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but okay you know uh I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, um like you know doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to you know uh like spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week so um you know or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you like um okay are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on I mean uh okay one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already uh I mean okay mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on like okay okay my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same scanning um you know uh that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just okay I mean okay gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes uh uh like. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start like um so brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little you know so I mean circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about like um I mean a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame I mean okay okay incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor so I mean you know family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids you know okay uh because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold well okay I mean Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so so you know like close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try well you know like to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on so like okay in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast you know you know so is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being uh I mean okay vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite. We okay um um believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our uh um like struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest okay um uh Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up okay well um against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for okay I mean um rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand okay so so. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan uh I mean okay and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got okay well you know a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just uh I mean well straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself you know uh okay to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though so I mean I mean. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from you know you know you know Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect like uh I mean. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, um uh uh I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff uh so I mean podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really so so uh cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their well well well products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like uh okay uh questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply uh um so of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do um um you know some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and so I mean like Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and I mean so I mean just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and uh so okay you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see well uh you know how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that okay so well you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other you know you know so to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek I mean so you know. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull okay like I mean soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We well okay um support people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live so like um and Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits uh um you know of a sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone uh like uh that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop I mean I mean like you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me uh I mean well explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit uh like well your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for well um like you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you okay I mean you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to well uh you know make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that day I mean uh okay like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending so well well messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series and like I mean I mean when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to talk well uh I mean a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most okay uh so importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about it well well well. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk about you know um um Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who like like uh I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut down well uh uh due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in um um um their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 so so so twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship that's um you know you know discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning so grab I mean like well a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls go podcast um so you know. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out to I mean you know um Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love you you know you know you know. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to um well you know to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that um um well is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, like okay so where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be uh I mean you know hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can well okay I mean make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them uh like um everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk uh you know you know about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking so I mean uh pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the well like okay first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual uh I mean you know key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know um you know um overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all okay um well about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real well well like quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and like I mean um idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real uh so you know quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we well like so came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor uh uh uh app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to like well um make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use okay okay so anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct um okay I mean. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, uh like um there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like um well your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you know I mean don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so well I mean many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves okay so well making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and uh well you know I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual and healing um okay so journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine a so um like doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want to use like well uh my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all levels you know well you know. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation together which um like um will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a um well I mean heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay so um you know. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just like uh um keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got um uh well it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first uh so uh episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're like well well just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us I mean so uh - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of I mean you know you know the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up so like uh. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting so so well. I ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring like uh uh spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted okay um well by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome uh okay well back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of um uh like a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make okay well you know a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we I mean like like do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of um like so the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same so uh so team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end so so okay of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want okay well okay to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's well um like premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the um well uh blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How are um um um you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you apologies that I mean you know um we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked. I actually had okay uh I mean a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is the I mean so um first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr so uh I mean co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? you know um well All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't like um you know really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, uh I mean you know obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah like like I mean. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you like you know well know kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting I mean okay uh me for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this okay I mean well and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want I mean uh you know to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what like so you know I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you I mean I mean you know know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the you know uh uh biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download uh so you know the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started you know okay um. Take care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I like I mean you know am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to I mean okay um the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences that shape like so okay our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story or um um like need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an okay you know I mean independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're okay I mean like going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the you know uh I mean meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two well I mean okay Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my I mean um okay pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with okay uh you know Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I like I mean I mean was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because um um well they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She you know um uh skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being uh I mean so free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and okay okay like one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time okay okay I mean winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum uh I mean so bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We okay um um got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong okay okay uh game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new um um I mean poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who like so uh we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that well I mean well could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and like well you know then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about okay um I mean the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit uh I mean okay. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it well like so Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and you know um uh new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis like so you know. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and like so I mean night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one I mean you know I mean side and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week you know so okay and every day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking well well so about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was I mean well okay born in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya you know you know like was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon well um you know that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going so well you know to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the uh um so coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this you know okay like this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try to okay well you know just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the media uh I mean well. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like so well uh last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to so uh I mean another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics including so well well our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff um okay like here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking um uh like up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class I mean so I mean as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty so I mean you know funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller um I mean you know. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least one of like so um the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with you know I mean uh us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of well like I mean stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan uh uh uh Brazier and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of well um you know do it on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview uh uh I mean. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right well well uh now. We're at track me where the track office not really supposed to be got so I mean okay some audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a uh uh so half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a so you know I mean little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had so you know uh just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire hazard looking back okay you know well at it but us being students not our number one problem and really it was just bingo I mean um well. So anybody could win and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm you know so well not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going uh uh uh to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our um well you know ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over you know well well a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the well I mean like top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to 1991 um I mean so when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with I mean okay okay the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports events okay well well from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free um um you know. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on uh so okay September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with you know you know I mean rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about well okay like the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter okay well so extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it like I mean so and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I uh I mean um have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter okay uh so extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced um you know um to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid uh I mean so. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of I mean well uh throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping I mean well okay or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in um uh um this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an like I mean um Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards okay well uh and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and so I mean well there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he so well like brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today so okay well you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to uh uh okay get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now uh uh well everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will so so I mean get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got I mean like I mean this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your I mean okay so everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back like like uh with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go like well okay for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday uh um like positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much um okay okay for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose I mean okay so to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be okay um um able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is okay so well something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very um so uh first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social I mean so well media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another like uh okay podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and okay okay like I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved like well like. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have um I mean I mean got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan you know okay uh. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned um um okay. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we okay I mean like have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't you know I mean I mean said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying so well uh to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast you know so I mean episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for you know I mean so one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and uh like so you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably okay well uh going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we so I mean I mean said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time you know so like tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life I mean so like advice questions that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I uh well well would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's um um okay not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back uh you know uh to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's you know so so cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what um you know you know your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just so well um because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like you know um you know what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that so like like hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children well well well and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create um uh I mean peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer I mean well okay writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn uh like like Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & uh like like 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information for you well I mean well are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a uh well okay high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from like you know so. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading uh uh I mean a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world um so um starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York like um well and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music well so you know Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time so you know like throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how uh okay uh they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who uh I mean like came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael I mean so okay Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not well like so a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go like so okay finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of well I mean um officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is okay you know uh Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they so like I mean hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring I mean you know you know. How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different um okay okay reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can you know like okay talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and uh so like FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot okay I mean like of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of so okay you know you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and so like um then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first I mean uh like uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and I mean uh okay that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it well you know you know. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we um like well try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to okay um so make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets so uh so and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on okay like you know YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined you know I mean uh with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who just well um um popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad I mean I mean so you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally don't do I mean okay um a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's you know well okay a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users so I mean so of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets well okay I mean Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the okay so um rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday uh so uh. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want uh I mean uh to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is you know okay I mean doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's um um uh that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting off so uh so because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out okay okay um weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah um like okay. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to well I mean so start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different so well um vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you guys have not well okay so seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page well um okay and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a okay okay well living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and you know well I mean then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is um you know so surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism okay I mean well. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to like well well talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for uh well so Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees on well you know okay the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the like uh uh 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you could um I mean um play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was okay well like your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because you know I mean uh I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have well so like a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today well well you know. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the you know um well fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a well um you know material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that so uh uh the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way I mean I mean so on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This um you know I mean came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the well um I mean FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question like so uh that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 well um you know meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning um uh uh. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 I mean um uh today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I so um so put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have uh like like no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They are the so um um excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange uh uh I mean the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will not uh well you know offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion of my you know so well inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen unto um well I mean me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord okay you know like who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner so well I mean. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match well you know you know. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's well like okay up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping I mean well okay Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is up so like well dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, you you know you know um know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody like okay uh to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden so uh uh to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? um um I mean Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where okay okay well a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a uh well okay traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the uh uh well biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They you know um okay had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight like uh so electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave um I mean okay the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could well okay you know get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a I mean okay so quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to you know I mean like my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a like uh well podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground. He like you know I mean know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do so okay okay I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps all the I mean uh I mean major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, I got well you know okay the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop like like like shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay I mean um um nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's so well like the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free well well well and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast like uh so from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to um like I mean Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is you know uh I mean great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is well so so also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where um um I mean you're going. So it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the you know like like app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get I mean you know I mean Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue um I mean um forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man uh uh okay loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great you know so you know. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how okay um so we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot I mean well okay f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms okay like so. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your you know uh you know phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the you know uh uh free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig uh um well Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 you know well so save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast I mean I mean I mean Network. This is the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge like um well where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be um so well talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this um like uh juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels um like so juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the uh so okay sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual you know um okay Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our you know so so world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's well so you know that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated well so okay and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having okay you know um sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all so okay so about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me you know I mean like and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you okay okay you know two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you I mean so um. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful um so um office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah like um uh or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's you know uh I mean fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh uh uh so God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the guys and I mean okay well know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber joined um uh I mean by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and well um okay just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying so well so to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the like well well right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're you know so uh on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend I mean um you know or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you know uh uh you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they okay um you know appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode so you know well make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news like um okay. I'm doing a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of I mean okay so you are doing very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff? uh so like You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it so like so all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, like so um first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are like I mean okay we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to like okay uh do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit you know I mean um your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so okay well I mean awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else like okay you know after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I mean um like I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't you know well okay have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way like you know okay to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your okay well so podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money I mean okay like man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need um you know you know to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um like like me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and uh I mean uh edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know like so. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make like well well money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast okay well okay in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my friends had uh you know uh terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and um like so right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in okay like like the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in uh um okay the third experience the two parties got married, but within a month my I mean like like friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and I mean so so probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience um you know so has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be like okay like explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more I mean so um masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is well I mean okay such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their I mean so like Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control uh uh okay of what they would like and as a man this is important to your okay I mean uh success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want to you know like like become a man of value so that way other men or other people in like I mean well general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the um uh okay deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person um so so who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going so I mean um to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little you know um I mean bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take I mean uh okay five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this well um well week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout fee so um okay. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely to be like okay you know honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had our first well I mean uh High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our amazing so like um writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be fair you know like well. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first we caught um I mean well our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and like well um if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys well uh like want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So you know like okay myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got our first okay so so contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's nine to I mean well you know nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell um okay like you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably you know like like die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was uh you know okay convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man well um well wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and I mean you know okay 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee so I mean okay hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup uh well you know of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his so well okay life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at I mean um um Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do well you know like something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if like okay so they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to well I mean okay pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're you know so uh going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure I mean uh well in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest like so I mean and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils I mean you know so. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable well well well. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of um so you know wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a like uh so professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you you know you know well through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film I mean okay I mean was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they I mean like I mean voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it so so uh for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a like I mean like podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record so so okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast well you know like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you uh uh you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to well well like make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo uh you know well the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the I mean well uh Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night like I mean you know long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled like okay so with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, well okay I mean we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms well uh I mean visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is I mean well well is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening so okay um goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional I mean like uh comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him you know okay so on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's okay uh I mean with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here you know okay you know with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron I mean I mean you know Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? uh you know like Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are like uh uh we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry like okay like for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually um well I mean. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We I mean so like need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We okay okay okay do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you I mean uh well can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then so okay you know that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small um so so conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight. This like so well is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If so well I mean you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our I mean so I mean haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends you know okay uh every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of this so so like urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide okay so uh and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves okay well um. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this is I mean so uh understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We well um okay reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well as fixed um so well income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial to you know you know you know get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw over I mean well uh the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and um so so where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this type of volatile um um well environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading like I mean okay sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going you know uh I mean to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot okay uh I mean moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about um I mean I mean blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off uh um like my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only to uh I mean okay the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, so um um fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start like uh like to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top I mean so um 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 when I mean um um players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off gambling well well you know debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from uh I mean so history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free like uh well on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final well you know um buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the uh okay uh Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back um I mean so to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your okay uh I mean host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology okay um uh. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that I mean I mean okay care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, okay I mean well please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful uh okay I mean techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what um I mean um effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as um uh um they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can I mean well um still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength like well well base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help um you know um them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this okay so um Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know uh you know you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did well so I mean not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even well you know okay talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from like so um a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out well so um cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So like I mean I mean why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you I mean you know um are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the okay I mean well app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first got uh well I mean started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app you know I mean um you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows you know like well you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor I mean I mean uh will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard I mean okay okay on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it um so um to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can okay um like make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need um okay well to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making well um well a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go um uh uh to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited okay like well to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale I mean you know uh. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song I mean you know um as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it you know so okay did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of you know I mean so all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all like you know uh when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, so I mean like man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my so um well favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message you know I mean I mean on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the uh so you know love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted I mean okay uh to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life okay well so and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost like I mean I mean the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually okay uh um making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event so so well because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those you know you know I mean life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off so I mean um if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot um I mean um is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need uh like well more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going um you know I mean digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything um so you know from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well I mean well me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure if you know so you know it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money to so so okay put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works uh like I mean out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out I mean like you know of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go well I mean well with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so you know so right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast like uh like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you know like I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that I mean okay um any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast okay okay you know in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked so like I mean to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our I mean like so Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted to host well I mean so of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks for so well uh watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment their jazz singer like uh you know and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm super excited but uh okay I mean you're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as well introduce like so uh this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP you know like well because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money okay um like. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health okay well well because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in like I mean um your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional okay like so life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many okay I mean um questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our uh so I mean time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here so okay um we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We well like like talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little so I mean um frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am uh I mean so genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five like okay uh of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson okay um like by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in well so um sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all uh so okay love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow I mean I mean like. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on like um I mean fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait so I mean I mean to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is like uh well Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful um I mean um guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all I mean um like things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you well um you know doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say um so so rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I like uh well began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to uh like um do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated um um like so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, I mean well uh you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days like I mean um ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, well um well why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release well like I mean for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the uh I mean I mean choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to okay you know uh the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the uh uh so shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, so uh so I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not even I mean I mean well thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music I mean so like and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these so uh like musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be I mean uh like or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to you know you know well it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's okay okay um plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you okay so um teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your okay okay you know son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around so so like issues related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil you know um like our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode you know so so of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the you know I mean okay farm crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated um you know I mean. That's transparent and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to well so like address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans I mean I mean well. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in I mean like uh the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as well uh so lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little bit so so I mean about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I absolutely I mean so I mean love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that okay so like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your uh okay like computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on uh um uh Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your so um so podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really uh well you know everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I um you know well find it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor uh okay well app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling um um uh you it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into like so you know creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 uh so so minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good uh you know uh morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next I mean um well few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation okay well uh some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from you know um okay the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God I mean so um for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to okay you know like orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom you know well well and privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one uh okay uh to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay I mean so me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well okay I mean podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you like like okay. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money you know uh okay from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make you know so uh podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM okay um I mean to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so um so I mean excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion you know um so assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about I mean you know I mean how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in you know you know well your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is Kiran okay okay okay Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about um okay so something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on this I mean uh okay and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have I mean so I mean you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was uh like you know a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so we should um I mean you know just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? you know I mean you know Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually um okay so watched anime when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like uh like so shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories um okay I mean from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st um well well. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm I mean like I mean the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll okay I mean you know be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today. It's very like um okay special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some so like I mean stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were in our I mean okay well Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the I mean so um MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this um I mean you know week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do some things um okay you know that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and uh so like it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're okay you know well really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual you know like I mean principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is you know well well Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with well um I mean easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to so I mean I mean create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and uh so I mean also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie you know uh um householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she like well I mean also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, I mean so you know yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness you know um I mean. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well um like so is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're you know so so live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs I mean well um. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training okay like you know your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this like well um is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? well um well It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and uh okay I mean I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and you know uh well nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my uh like like God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by I mean um you know estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a you know well you know professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys okay um so in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment room. Hi like you know so everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I mean you know so I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We I mean uh like would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the so I mean well questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So okay uh you know today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama so like okay Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly okay so uh will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this uh I mean you know article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids you know like uh belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I you know um I mean have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you okay like so podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video uh I mean like as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording you know so um this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about I mean well uh nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society so I mean well. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I um um so think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the um uh you know really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking well so so about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen okay so okay to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a um I mean okay music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to I mean like you know call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to well you know like for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese okay well uh made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading uh like you know on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject well so like for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since uh um um 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris so um uh Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the you know I mean like floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend um uh I mean is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of I mean you know like the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of so like um our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I have you know um um some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting well like you know your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor FM uh so I mean best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool you know well so that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean um so your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard well well uh on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your okay like uh podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one well I mean well place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type I mean um um in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely like I mean you know teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth so okay like 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus series okay like I mean after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at BR well so you know Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold well uh so that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating well um well not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what okay like okay we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki like well so as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of the I mean uh I mean comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being brought like okay okay back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions so I mean uh uh will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are okay I mean well you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see in um I mean so the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your daily well you know uh dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right uh okay you know here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start I mean you know you know brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush so uh I mean around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about like okay you know heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san uh so uh trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom like um okay and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches like I mean uh but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and I mean uh okay show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli well I mean um and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to uh well well get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and so you know you know decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, you know uh okay it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why okay uh like not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts so like okay and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all well like you know the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, you know okay okay I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a series um uh um of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale for anyone well like um traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to listen to well well like more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True Crime like I mean so. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On Spotify um you know so or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this well uh okay day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa uh um so. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby uh so uh after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to be well you know I mean a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one well you know I mean back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses uh uh you know. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we so well I mean came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be so you know okay completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we I mean well um felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a um I mean so lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? I mean so um Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we uh okay uh all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger like well um. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going uh okay well on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 I mean okay okay so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and episode like uh like so 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I like like you know know and I know there's some I love okay so off the top as usual I mean uh uh Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, I well so uh got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily I mean so okay devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live like you know well with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So you know um I mean we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self so like well is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us okay uh like an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things okay I mean like that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that um um so are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if like um well you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first off um okay you know. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's creation so I mean okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so like I mean your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made um so well on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be well well well heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a okay um you know podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make I mean so uh money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record you know I mean um the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you like you know I mean need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted uh you know I mean to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the I mean you know I mean free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for okay like okay giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is free uh so I mean. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you to uh okay so record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your like okay uh podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm I mean I mean uh an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with you know well so them and using them to help make our podcast and you know, it's also okay uh I mean an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership so so I mean and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested okay um um in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or you know you know okay go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy you know I mean well. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What like like well up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them I mean okay well. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top like um you know and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of you know um like the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He well so so has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a like you know well while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road I mean so well and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help okay well you know a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action um I mean like. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of well so I mean our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to uh okay so do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so uh okay uh you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and I mean okay well then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those you know um like deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a like I mean I mean wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons like okay um and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables um um okay. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for you know I mean okay this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of um you know um her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a well you know so part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family well like I mean. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family um I mean so now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for uh uh so sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our you know I mean uh show notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to so so like but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know uh okay okay an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear well you know well it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear you know you know so me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was well like like sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to you know I mean so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a so okay so premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow uh I mean um your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes like um okay to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to well um um with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure okay um like to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse okay um you know podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an okay like I mean episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily so so um episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another okay I mean well special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I uh well um have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because okay like well I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how I mean like so hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into you know I mean I mean this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which uh like well I know better than to do but I just kind of got caught I mean so uh in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to so uh I mean me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has uh you know well been so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with okay well so you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm well you know you know Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title you know you know well ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax well I mean like and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that um well you know you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes uh like like up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what well okay you know we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a so um I mean Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters like I mean like. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the like I mean so Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape okay okay okay with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help uh um well you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and you know like okay then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March um you know uh 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was well like so arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He um like I mean would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of okay like so the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have so you know um to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's I mean I mean like micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two board relevant okay like I mean microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important facts for okay I mean I mean an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the ism you know I mean okay with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you you know you know like need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock well okay um podcast. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach you know uh uh and I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood like well like in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money so um you know sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through uh okay you know our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs so like uh as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook you know you know you know too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my well so uh apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but uh uh okay basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with I mean well I mean like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then so so uh they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I like you know like had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just um well you know like got right and did not try to get to know me at uh so okay all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, I mean like uh let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 like um so minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got so like like right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I uh so okay feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what I mean like you know you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I like uh okay don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's I mean so you know word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply I mean you know so on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life well so you know full of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want I mean well well you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form uh well okay. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with you know so I mean the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 okay um I mean. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the uh uh I mean Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's so uh uh then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about like like okay this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone so like so numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone um I mean I mean number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have I mean well okay the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes you know well you know right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm well uh so not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's warm like so so out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside um well like was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as well so you know most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm I mean like well All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed like uh um by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too um um so hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into okay uh so the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel I mean uh I mean like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say so uh well like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 I mean well you know like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out well um I mean of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't know I mean well um how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing you know uh you know yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah well well like. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and like uh okay I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million like uh okay dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this so okay um is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes well like uh. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going okay like you know to do it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if uh um well you want to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music so uh um. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of I mean um uh figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and like I mean you know eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of you know like um nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand uh like okay Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always well well like date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of okay well you know this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up like okay uh RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good well like uh day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I okay you know uh woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked I mean so so out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast okay uh okay. I woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and uh uh okay then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to uh like like power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my okay you know uh co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh I mean okay I mean for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just uh I mean um got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on like so so some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness um you know um at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in the um like like world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I you know okay um am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly okay I mean like recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on how like I mean okay to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's tools okay I mean um and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you and So so well uh if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or okay like well go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot f so like like m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good you know so so sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so much uh well um for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of okay well you know a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind like uh uh of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast um um like at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant so you know well program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we uh well you know doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help uh like uh kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether okay I mean like it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian so so well food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee uh uh like and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We you know you know okay tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also you know okay you know is also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We well okay so have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are okay I mean um enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or so well you know let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this uh um so video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If I mean so I mean you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave um you know okay a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If okay you know um so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful so I mean well entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create okay um I mean to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash like you know um create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous well well you know. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure. So um okay well far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son you know like I mean of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern I mean like so coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried well well like to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing like um you know. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These I mean okay so all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're like you know well working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our like um uh regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast um okay uh from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your I mean I mean so host pain Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside well you know you know the Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off okay like um now growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with so so I mean rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and I mean you know like say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? I mean like so My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find I mean well I mean us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it like okay I mean. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You well um so need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a um okay um good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got you know okay okay done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy okay so so. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon I mean you know well. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson um well well Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? well so like Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for uh uh uh having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I well uh you know originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little I mean um uh full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this I mean okay so and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening okay uh well at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing uh you know uh in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you so um so just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues you know so um with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast uh uh well like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much okay I mean I mean for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the okay like well time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not so um so take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the um uh like day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in well well so a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment I mean I mean so to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize I mean I mean well what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given well um like me to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay so uh um connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor okay okay uh its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that like like so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer like you know uh anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple like okay so podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no okay well um minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place well so well. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to I mean uh well get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going you know um you know to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason okay you know like concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought I mean I mean I mean the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king well uh so. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute power. I'm well like uh not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look so um like at England right now how much better would our political discourse be if you know uh so we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 I mean you know you know years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's like okay you know They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a guy okay uh uh who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races you know okay I mean and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting you know um well your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor uh um I mean is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation well um so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone you know okay I mean or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on um okay well Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your okay like okay podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place I mean uh uh. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is like like well beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get well uh I mean the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your uh so so host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free. Those well well well are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from uh you know like your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be I mean okay well heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with um uh uh no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one uh you know um place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to you know okay uh our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good like well so for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that like um like you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out uh uh like their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song uh so okay is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered um like I mean starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I mean well I mean I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and um okay well get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button um you know uh. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms uh I mean um again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone you know I mean like from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can like um um do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me um so so with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place well like you know to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again okay um so. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to you know okay like get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go uh like okay to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of so well so an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here okay like you know. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going um uh well to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get well you know uh yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven okay well you know years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the okay uh uh game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give like you know like you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players okay okay okay who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to the I mean um like Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow him on Twitter like um you know at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record edit and like I mean you know publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on um well okay Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to um I mean like buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing I mean uh you know to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam I mean you know okay Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness so well like based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is well um um honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for well okay well it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little um well like bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's uh I mean like get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that uh okay you know we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old I mean so I mean is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other like so like Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary like I mean like stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban I mean I mean okay legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my um well well name is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you okay I mean like can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode uh okay I mean comes out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took uh um you know forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of well you know well Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk like um like about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish um uh I mean for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally okay um okay with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick well uh I mean one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is okay okay I mean brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had so well so a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday I mean okay I mean. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you so I mean so told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's uh uh I mean the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had like well like to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them I mean you know you know how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast so like well where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business well uh so and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day like well like we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO like like um for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you I mean like you know need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show okay okay okay up as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get okay you know well right into it getting into creating a website. That is search engine optimized like um okay SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for the past 5 years at okay like okay least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep was the next one so uh uh in a series of websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the well well I mean boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk I mean well uh a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I you know so okay will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a okay so uh podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to like like like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your so you know okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A so okay okay podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with like I mean I mean no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know so you know. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is well um like the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're uh um I mean all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good like um um and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you um so like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor like so you know distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if um I mean well you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right well uh um. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until I mean you know so 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can okay um uh to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here you know you know okay Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we I mean well uh just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or okay you know you know relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want um okay like to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've like you know okay gotten up to around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai um okay well Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey so uh uh covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time well like well major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields like I mean well in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about um you know well Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is well uh um probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well you know like you know a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one I mean um uh of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment uh well like on an article that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the well so I mean latest core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom you know well like house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for uh I mean okay that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky like like you know Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you like okay like for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And okay like you know this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th uh you know I mean of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast um like um. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so you know you know well I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece uh like I mean of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might I mean well well be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people uh so so haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled okay like you know across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler so I mean like in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are um I mean like the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you well well uh enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye I mean so um podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter well okay um all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and you know um I mean say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's uh like okay get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet you know I mean so. And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started uh okay I mean life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who so uh like we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we I mean uh well go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the okay well like one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the you know you know okay most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could um I mean um you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This um like okay would really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is um well like Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and so you know okay next week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for well um I mean Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the well I mean um unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will okay okay so be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So um like uh no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need you know I mean well everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah uh like you know Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz um so uh you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal um well um hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our I mean um so 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll uh I mean uh talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel uh um well like nervous today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I well okay well really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this I mean I mean you know was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 so um uh minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got okay I mean well to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you know I mean you know you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight well well well say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and I mean okay so mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a okay uh like son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You uh okay you know may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of so okay you know what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you uh you know so from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic uh uh so Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is so okay okay Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going uh you know uh guys? I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV okay I mean okay talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show um like like. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk you know um okay about tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this um uh I mean whole jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to um um um their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little uh so I mean things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing like you know well our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown like so well class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am uh you know I mean Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the uh uh like chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you um like you know as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight well you know I mean. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to well uh I mean talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could uh um well have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new I mean uh well front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it so well I mean to purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into so um um this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi you know I mean okay guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media okay like I mean today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth well so uh McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things like you know you know New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC uh uh okay this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been you know well I mean chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys okay you know you know. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was uh um I mean born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved I mean I mean um over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode I mean well like. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you uh so okay can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved like okay well one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and um okay um mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and so I mean I mean coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through I mean okay you know tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted so like you know to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata so you know so Institute of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the like like you know podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social so well okay concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews okay so um with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on um so like having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our okay um so listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well um um okay as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey I mean well you know filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in um so I mean to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well so um you know. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise well I mean well segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're I mean okay I mean well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment uh like well this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always um you know um really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good okay um you know at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that so well I mean. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so uh um well I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through well uh you know those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and okay so so you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't um so well want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset you know I mean um says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is like uh you know about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment uh um so leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go um so I mean to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said well I mean uh last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like you know uh like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things that like like um nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded with okay I mean you know a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a um okay um really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that I okay you know so own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings um like uh ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations I mean like uh and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine so I mean uh and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand uh um uh called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at uh well uh procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this like like I mean podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is okay I mean like the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally so um okay free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record you know okay you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast well well um for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many well um okay more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership um well like guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast like so uh in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F well okay like m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back okay I mean um to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you um um I mean follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I um you know okay post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God I mean you know um. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at well so um real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and I mean I mean you know speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is uh uh I mean that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we um um like will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am like you know you know so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes well well well. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected you know um I mean of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off um I mean I mean social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch okay okay like of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just okay I mean you know to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I so so like thought I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need uh I mean so to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week like well so. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend you know uh well there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and well you know you know yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now well like I mean and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt uh I mean okay angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually like okay so the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick like so um update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was okay um okay stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot so I mean so on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not okay um you know operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning um so well Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't um uh okay be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you so um so know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out you know um like there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to uh um I mean use and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your um okay okay podcast right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up um okay um on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect well I mean you know with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for uh uh well podcasters. So make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to you know uh like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard uh uh well McKees Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him um um um do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was like you know you know so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz well you know you know saw like it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence you know you know well is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like like well like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing so uh you know while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I um like okay think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a um I mean uh coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the uh uh well mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here so you know so. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you um okay I mean listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of my I mean uh you know pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick like um uh like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not so okay I mean have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton like you know okay start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to okay um um Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told like like um the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have like you know well fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA well well um they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their like like I mean daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became okay well um CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to the you know you know okay station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on sensor with uh you know okay Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got a I mean well so special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and you know like like I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank I mean like um you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of I mean uh I mean Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today I mean okay uh and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development I mean well uh productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and you know I mean okay get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to so um I mean Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever you know like um by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D you know like like Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully well okay well say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my so okay well time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me you know you know you know be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's nice you know okay I mean to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm excited okay I mean I mean about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to like like you know say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every so well you know now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I you know I mean so can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for so okay I mean quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand uh okay well why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so so like so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but so like like pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you um well okay who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan I mean so like Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field uh uh I mean of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening like well uh to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an okay well okay overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically you know um like for the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob okay so like Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also so you know um because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you like uh so. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we mean I mean I mean I mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you so I mean I mean know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean like um okay people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because um so so of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an I mean I mean um easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are okay uh I mean opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older uh uh you know brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when I mean well I mean we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of so like you know TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode like okay well was insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us I mean you know like tonight, but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely um uh well co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on um so I mean this episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, uh like um okay. So who so many things happened on this episode that we need to uh um well unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was well um so interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to like uh well go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is well um well that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you I mean I mean like have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know you know so well. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves like you know so and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished um okay I mean it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another um you know like episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your well like like mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My uh like uh name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real like so uh you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other I mean like um and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why I mean okay so why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want I mean okay like to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon so well like Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want okay uh so to go look it up there and see the video version of these you uh I mean like can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple so uh okay podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind like like so of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top I mean I mean um 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about you know I mean well the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become okay like okay almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a like you know uh few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the um well you know best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the like okay you know only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous uh I mean okay friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to you know I mean okay the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie like like well and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've well I mean well had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about well like okay it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking about um okay so a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have like you know so a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your um um um host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in so um well in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and how uh you know well of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me I mean um um at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 so well well years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing okay like uh home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting you know well so working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice um uh so World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit like okay um with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and okay okay I mean we were able to see each other for a bit more than five okay so you know or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze um well so in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this so I mean like point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and okay you know you know tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over so so well. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host uh I mean you know a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you I mean uh like guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a uh um um question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host okay well well and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make I mean uh so it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here um you know so buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and well so um friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy um I mean so Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women okay like uh read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for leisure friendship like like so and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit while red like uh like knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for so like like joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently asked okay um like questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first so you know um question that came from our members this year and some of our leaders you know um uh was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're uh you know okay both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as so okay okay best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own uh well like take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from uh like so poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live you know um so from pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode um okay I mean of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third like um um episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about so you know uh the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this well well uh particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a like like okay dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first like I mean so episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, uh um okay my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love well you know I mean them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the you know um okay challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused like well I mean and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the okay so well differences that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull so like well of the happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids okay like you know in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize okay like like that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on I mean okay okay we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book uh so okay series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas like well you know retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course I mean so um re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth I mean um well. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating okay well you know an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my uh you know like channel every day and every week and so the information can be very so I mean okay overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee okay I mean like of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just so like um filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs um um so from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this well so okay podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all like I mean like of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart uh well so. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just well you know I mean two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you know you know okay you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope I mean you know so that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which I mean okay well was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned so so um in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get uh well like started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a so well like brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until like well I mean then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters so uh uh and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein like like so advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a uh you know uh complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same so well you know question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single so uh well mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person I mean uh I mean. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on well like uh Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research and I mean well you know strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular basis you know um you know. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from the like well like covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of um uh well global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts of the you know I mean okay world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk like well I mean of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the well um okay current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning you know I mean you know in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting uh um okay out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So so okay you know I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my uh so like home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group uh so I mean grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and like okay uh that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, okay like I mean if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of uh um well the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German so okay like ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest like okay um. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and you know so uh ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what so okay I mean a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk um like like to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See um I mean I mean what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas so uh I mean is going to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper you know okay um take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas you know I mean okay and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short so you know so story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the like okay you know trauma unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I I mean uh well was a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions well uh you know that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months okay um okay of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding you know uh you know perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating you know you know you know our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So so you know I mean today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only okay uh uh and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax well like so advice all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do I mean I mean I mean not necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to so okay uh Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor you know like um reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity okay you know uh trading and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial so uh uh losses as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our well uh okay Sam Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies like I mean so of unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha um um I mean is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of I mean well um the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of um okay you know Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose you know uh um is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across I mean I mean you know the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques okay uh uh is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology I mean um like data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had okay I mean uh an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of well well um your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you so uh okay made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is you know uh well all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a um I mean okay safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join uh so so me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to I mean uh okay love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all uh like you know about all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love um well you know and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a well like okay significant other and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not uh uh okay forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you know so well you would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to well uh okay a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the uh okay like word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective like um okay meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was like uh well tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian uh so okay term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be you know like um confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are well uh uh impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance uh okay I mean. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add well well so momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first so so um official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat so so like members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's I mean okay like going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got uh um well a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves well so you know real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret like well so everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage um well so MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of um okay um the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going okay I mean you know to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's uh like so This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When I mean so well Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk I mean um okay. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even well so like made a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe um uh uh but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, uh you know um I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I uh I mean uh made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners you know okay like groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one uh like I mean individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize well like okay Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you okay so you know just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get um like okay it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with so so like it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM and like well you know I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message um I mean well and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with like okay uh a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today so I mean like. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll okay uh I mean be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast uh well okay piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for uh okay I mean creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast I mean so um right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most major podcast so like so platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if like okay okay podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or like um okay go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a so I mean like couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know update okay okay um on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that um um you know that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, I mean well uh coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind I mean like um of first started talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars so uh well lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural so okay uh wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of you know okay so life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten um um I mean percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please like you know like check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also so um well sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more um you know uh Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion so you know you know death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can so uh like find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each I mean uh you know talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make okay uh I mean podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is um so you know a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like so uh phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can um so well be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily well um I mean make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one so well you know place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small I mean okay you know business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and I mean um I mean raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch I mean you know uh even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the so so okay vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and uh I mean uh there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the um well like sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that like so like is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed like well like my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle I mean I mean uh of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided okay well well to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast okay I mean okay and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk okay um um to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, so like I mean obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for more um well you know information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council dot-org I mean um uh. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode uh I mean I mean. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today so like you know. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different teams I mean you know okay programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the language assistance program I mean uh uh through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to like well like start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you okay so you know are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on you know uh uh patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted like uh like on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make I mean I mean so podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that uh um um allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I mean well well anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify I mean well um Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your so I mean um podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like so okay a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app I mean I mean so or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez uh like well for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek well you know well memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it um uh uh out. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it okay so I mean our at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so so um I mean I don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I you know okay so used to kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on uh uh like my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and so like okay I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 I mean well so Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and um uh okay what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you well well so buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for Is uh like um significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the okay well okay house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget for um I mean um in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple okay so uh of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a so so like concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it I mean you know well is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is so like so not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I I mean I mean okay have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear well uh I mean and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to you know um uh meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her um you know um birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and well you know uh some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today uh I mean like was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can like um um unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends so well you know to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to finally well uh um finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I like I mean um have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit I mean so like to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The you know I mean like knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the you know so uh information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re well so like attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm okay so I mean coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of I mean well uh you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of you you know so so guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but so okay so today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number uh okay like 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And I mean you know well then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck uh so well. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where so um um you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I so so um was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so so you know like good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going like like like to talk about today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy you know you know like how son feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right like I mean okay when you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're um like like out doing those runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course so uh well you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own you know well uh horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a well okay so new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh um you know and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to um I mean like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better okay uh so Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple you know okay okay or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to I mean um so make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free okay okay so anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for the uh you know well next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up because well so well we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to uh um well the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're I mean like um going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are I mean um I mean falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that so I mean like we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to like like well end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to no um I mean uh preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on um like like an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? like so so All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been a good okay so you know day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So okay you know I mean I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because I like well so will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then well like I mean you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when okay like uh I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll like like I mean be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees uh um uh and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials biodiversity. Those like uh okay are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about um I mean so it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your um I mean you know hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear I mean you know well the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem um you know uh solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of you know so you know Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one you know well uh place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and I mean okay you know filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be uh I mean you know tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them okay so okay were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as the like well well spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by um you know I mean surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like so well um I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I well well well wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it uh okay um. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I uh you know I mean order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of okay you know okay those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that you know I mean um shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it so well I mean was french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I okay uh uh don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based I mean I mean um on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and uh uh uh youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow like uh okay in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember okay I mean so your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading I mean you know um from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora um um well here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the you know so like god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near um I mean uh to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on I mean like um their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and okay I mean you know invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience well so okay exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on um like I mean or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I um okay well have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined like well okay with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over so you know so a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you know uh okay you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use I mean well um to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. I'm so um so Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim you know you know um is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more the like um like ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of us who well you know okay aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light on well like okay that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are I mean so you know expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that okay like well by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be okay okay okay consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into well well okay our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from I mean uh uh watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding like I mean well Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so uh like well glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow I mean um you know from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've okay well well caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast so okay uh with us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? I mean you know you know How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need okay you know like more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding um so uh fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding like well I mean before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an um well I mean easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a okay uh okay great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to I mean um uh make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record you know I mean so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute so like I mean your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well uh like many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with uh um I mean no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one um okay well convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um um like dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take um I mean you know a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm uh like like having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth I mean I mean like out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those like you know so who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how um like you know to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today okay well uh is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some uh you know so truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet like I mean okay or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a so okay well contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the uh like I mean easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free um I mean well. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools well so well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay um so. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast um I mean so and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never okay well well heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership uh like so. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a so I mean well lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that um well you know podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot so uh uh. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True okay you know so Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining um okay okay us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you um like well. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to well like you know take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things like so so well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me okay like like that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six well you know um of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to so well you know sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it um so well and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for I mean uh well sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're well I mean like not supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper you know I mean uh. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo I mean okay so it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I you know well well was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for you know I mean well taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared like well well everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach uh um like people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we uh um like have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it so uh um discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got like okay okay right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see so I mean you know a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host you know uh uh development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, um well so which is a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me okay okay I mean for the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a you know you know like leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a well so okay boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal I mean okay um counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as I mean um well well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social I mean you know so entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm you know like like Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and murder uh um uh of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In like so like. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim you know um well at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean okay like um is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri I mean I mean so at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we ask okay uh you know all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you would use well so well to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to three uh well okay strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I uh uh like wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that I mean well uh way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His you know um uh baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And what uh okay well is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is so like okay possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted so um so to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to uh I mean okay all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium you know okay uh account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you know well well you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss okay I mean okay an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if okay you know so you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no um uh um matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure so uh okay to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the um like like your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an so so like episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today um um uh. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad you know you know uh ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot okay you know you know of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish so so you know Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would like um so be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the I mean you know I mean podcast I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each well like so week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the I mean okay like questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety well like you know and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot I mean okay like seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the I mean I mean um west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you as um like uh well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal from the uh you know like EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand from for universities directly you know I mean you know. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've like well so been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven uh okay I mean. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is like well uh all about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm you know so I mean really looking forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw uh okay uh. We were talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we you know um I mean really want them to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience well okay you know with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us I mean you know uh off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we uh okay you know move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we uh you know um should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I well um so know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us so um okay. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for um uh uh two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very so okay like successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing okay like like delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly uh um like. So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it uh you know like. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus um like um of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also uh like like served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today I mean um like. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an you know I mean um over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists I mean well you know at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I well you know I mean have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good how I mean I mean like happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it um like okay was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had to okay I mean you know ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to like well okay remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad okay you know uh his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only okay like okay like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting uh I mean um and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow you know like okay could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or I mean okay uh today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird okay okay I mean. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you uh okay uh were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know okay okay I mean you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess like um well we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, well um well let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea um you know you know podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's uh like well two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, so you know uh I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee uh so well that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey so uh I mean. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What uh like um about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like well you know um espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's I mean okay I mean just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I mean well uh I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the okay so well tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us okay well so to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed I mean um uh with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all the you know so you know time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with uh so like our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the law you know like you know of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter where um uh so they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible I mean you know um chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in like you know well sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk you know you know so and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there you know um well and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory uh I mean um over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was you know like okay going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about that okay so well line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I so uh I mean talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the you know I mean uh plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope well well okay. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot like you know I mean express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with okay like like you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This like you know like is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk um well I mean about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt okay uh I mean like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health um so like the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an okay okay you know entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something um uh so happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we so um uh put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these you know so uh little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this uh uh like is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and like like so hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to well uh well feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world uh so um where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of getting um like I mean in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools okay well uh and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am uh I mean I mean one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So well you know like I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share um like well with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed uh so so entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've well um well listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people I mean um you know are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together well I mean uh before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our I mean well like time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things so you know um that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given I mean I mean um against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what like you know um needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's you know I mean I mean start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back like so okay to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time um uh uh because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys well uh you know can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I uh okay um don't think they really do like I think they like to see their um so um friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite I mean you know you know article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about okay okay so the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as like well well well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like okay I mean um Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all so uh uh. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German you know um so that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and um um well for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally I mean uh uh the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely so so so love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great um uh I mean one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record and well so um edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll uh um okay also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast okay um okay Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and on well like you know top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's free like um uh and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money anchor will like so so automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum well so okay amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome um well like to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons I mean like uh Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have like you know like a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to um you know like talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships so I mean you know and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the like like okay end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and um I mean you know then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and you know okay so maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going so uh so to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and I mean like you know what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my um so you know co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where so um so the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be like okay okay going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position generally okay you know okay when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer uh so okay we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The I mean um uh draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers so um I mean go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy um well you know this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good okay I mean um the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode so like uh includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We so I mean um advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something um I mean you know wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On so so so October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman um uh um wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should I mean okay well close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my uh I mean you know daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the I mean uh I mean police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental um okay well Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have I mean I mean so been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned so um I mean him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel like um uh pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would okay well so leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and um um well keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I mean you know well I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has you know so you know come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood so so uh in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to uh so well do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce so you know well milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is like uh well a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed well um well. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink I mean so so is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know like um so what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think um you know well you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get like well so you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F I mean I mean like m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the I mean um uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on okay I mean like your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk you know like you know about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make like uh I mean it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's uh I mean uh totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f like okay okay m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's um um I mean loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 well you know I mean and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone you know you know I mean senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game I mean uh so for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think um okay you know in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener questions I mean you know like. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this is the you know um okay fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from uh I mean I mean this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by well I mean well anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is like okay you know based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing I mean well uh House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see so uh like you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with you know well like him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading uh so well from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord uh you know okay for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and I mean okay well my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that matter so you know so to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always um okay okay for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the show okay uh so before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and I to like you know so bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly you know so I mean youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought okay um like you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 so um okay that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku well I mean I mean Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to so so so bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the you know I mean okay first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm okay I mean okay doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time so like you know. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to well you know you know since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided okay um uh probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that uh uh so we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a uh okay um little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode well I mean uh. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more like I mean like to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with I mean you know well the sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that um you know well can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people I mean um uh have a seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast um uh okay. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up I mean um so guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is so I mean you know Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why well um okay didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I you know I mean well knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his like I mean okay regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host uh so okay. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is uh um you know our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a uh I mean you know bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're you know okay okay doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our like um like good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we uh so like talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs like you know like. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the uh I mean uh art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you um um I mean doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now well well so. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners okay so I mean are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the I mean you know like other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in okay well uh 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back like okay you know in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host I mean I mean I mean Travis Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode you know um you know 16. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up okay well um sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do uh well uh the same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to uh like so head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you okay well okay get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat um so well at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then well uh um also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for okay like you know your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you um like um. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode well um well 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate well I mean okay in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately can like um I mean never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth. There's a like uh I mean swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals and practices. On uh so okay July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the like uh so recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore you know so well black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the okay um okay boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to okay okay I mean talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a you know so uh script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way so well so to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow like so you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will um I mean I mean distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean I mean so music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with um um okay no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's so so um get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it you know um so. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of okay like you know time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is my uh okay so friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a you know uh well screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my phone also um I mean so Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet so um like and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him. He's okay you know like so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie like like uh budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet okay you know okay and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior well um uh Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And this is I mean well well part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's like like so personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than uh like okay 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We I mean uh uh want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and um you know I mean process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can um you know like help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a I mean uh um topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast uh well I mean. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in uh uh you know there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I well so like was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and you know okay uh today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's okay well I mean Day and we are recording two and one day and we are so excited I mean like well for our guest today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and well so I mean you guys know where to find us. You can find us on Instagram at I mean well okay Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser okay so like at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for um okay so that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your well I mean uh mother said don't say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review you know um you know of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay so you know I mean emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading so like I mean shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully um um uh but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion so you know I mean on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show um well okay to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led okay I mean you know by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment I mean uh um for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point well so you know at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments okay so okay. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't okay so uh guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be okay okay well multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to well I mean so encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um so so Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I mean like okay did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known you know I mean like it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download well um you know the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and like okay um anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all you know okay uh the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not uh okay well need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need well okay um to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some so well um come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or I mean so so simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back like uh well to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's you know well like heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history you know okay I mean a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery um okay um and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a I mean you know you know long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she uh well so discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a I mean so um woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her I mean uh so husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own um like like bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a um like uh questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Gale like uh you know Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders so so I mean every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's like I mean you know most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen well like you know to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is you know uh uh advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some I mean you know like people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy you know so so Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right like you know okay that was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good uh um um history of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects um you know so and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure uh like you know. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind well okay like the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what uh I mean like it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how okay I mean so the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change okay um so your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I uh um well normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been like I mean uh traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is because I'm like I mean okay doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen to you? I think well I mean you know it's so funny. You know like you think like all day. It's Tuesday and then um um uh you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today like I mean uh. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with like uh well you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing um like uh through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special uh okay so on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight like I mean uh into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day you know like so our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of so uh so Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm or I mean um so see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of Dan okay so uh Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might well uh so know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're okay um I mean listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts you know you know um in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an like okay so episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily okay you know well share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be um so you know sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast okay I mean um on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me uh well um. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with so I mean uh a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood well I mean I mean in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's so I mean um been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it I mean well okay was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss I mean I mean uh or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good okay so so. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to um okay uh you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get okay well I mean better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that okay I mean I mean were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how so you know um we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you like you know um know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have I mean okay um had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much well um you know easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is um so well by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need well so you know. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording um you know um equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on so so I mean your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all you know okay um the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you like so well know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest uh so so way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you like okay um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor so you know okay will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify well okay um Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum okay I mean um listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place um so like download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started you know like I mean today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no okay I mean um Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a like okay you know get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you I mean uh like doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and like uh you know I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, I mean uh well thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue I mean like like and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to you know I mean you know continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you like uh okay many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got you know okay I mean to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those uh uh you know sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had uh like you know great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty like I mean uh of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't well you know well expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more like uh so money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, uh so um boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun like um um episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in okay I mean I mean created by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode like uh like really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in so so you know construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to uh uh so describe me. One of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably uh uh I mean used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So so like like So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations you know well like on fire safety in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking well okay okay at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep uh I mean like into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy uh you know um to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why I mean well you know it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 so I mean well subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you um like so feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to well well okay first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line like well like it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with I mean I mean I mean mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I um you know well need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube I mean like uh content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I uh um well wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen uh uh well key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a okay you know well fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast okay well uh. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply has well so you know to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business you know okay well value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel discussion, which took I mean um uh place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco so uh uh. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to develop and features well I mean um Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously you know uh like is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner I mean so um who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous um so like guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future okay okay um who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per okay I mean uh se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take control like um um of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right but um I mean uh we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that's your physiology like you know okay and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the branch of the biology that I mean I mean okay deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its so like um parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is how refers to your uh you know like emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways I mean you know like. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are okay um so others of course, but those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions um so um are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our I mean well I mean first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I mean well like I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me so I mean so amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest you know so uh price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can so like uh have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff you know well well going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can you know like well create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom you I mean I mean so want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers needs of I mean uh uh what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming uh well um your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and you know uh you know I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, um uh so you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're so well um we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because so like like I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and I mean um like seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way you know so um in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks you know you know I mean for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking I mean okay I mean about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard okay okay well about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's so you know like free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone so you know well or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify like like okay Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership okay you know um. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the uh um okay free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want well uh you know to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On okay okay you know the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite you know you know like podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where okay uh so you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the you know like um ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is um well uh basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own I mean okay well podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you like I mean like upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify um I mean I mean your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or like uh I mean if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what okay like like I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to you know you know I mean what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board I mean well you know and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are like well like going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like um I mean like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how you know okay uh I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that I mean so I mean is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see um like so but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving well you know I mean. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in okay like like London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th okay so I mean 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo you know well I mean for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in so okay I mean San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior well I mean well The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to well I mean so sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that well uh well we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a you know well okay few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and uh I mean okay Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come I mean like so up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that um okay like are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and well well I mean they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of like uh um today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other so okay um words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women you know so like like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they so okay you know like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first okay you know so things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and well um okay their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want like you know well to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and uh like so make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way like you know well that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our name? Not um well well your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the bag. And the reason why I mean so you know we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we okay okay so in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the um uh I mean end goal is to make money off this that is not the only reason uh uh well we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and like I mean I mean making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson okay okay like over here is in it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm okay like uh pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of someone stealing so well you know bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or like so you know no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just woke you know well you know up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's I mean okay okay it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't use um uh I mean the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most of uh okay um the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we so you know you know go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast well so uh. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the like okay like man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going um um uh to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about well like well something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for well so I mean just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me so I mean you know. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on um like I mean this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where like so so you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial okay um so effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called I mean like like hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I like okay well mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast so so I mean and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please so I mean well remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel so okay so free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive um uh okay disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio uh so uh transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read like like so instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going so uh um to have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be like well I mean different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show well you know so is not safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait so uh like to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast so like I mean. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking you know um so about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know I mean okay um me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we well like you know could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure uh uh you know. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show like you know so start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside okay uh okay the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every day I mean well I mean we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about okay um like an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're so um well actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes uh like you know sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a well you know you know super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned like so so on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary you know um like footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the you know uh like Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a okay okay like built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape like uh uh recorded by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the you know um uh broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's so um I mean packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by like so okay anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of um so um all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match I mean okay like you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means um like like you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing uh I mean well right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre I mean I mean um you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to so like like you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut uh um like out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well so like um. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing so so well it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's uh like okay Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we okay you know I mean host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to um so well host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this well uh well got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from well well so a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it I mean I mean you know there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most uh so uh challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it um so you know right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or like okay um founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a so um well little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to I mean uh well make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to uh so like your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started well uh you know. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the well okay um cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or well like well cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or okay you know you know smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your um okay so actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no uh I mean um. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different well I mean okay names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho like well so ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it because uh I mean you know now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network um like like. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice like I mean okay and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine you know you know well. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla I mean okay okay that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that okay I mean um says that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you well so so were kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk um uh well about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so like uh. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay like well your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you I mean you know you know so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can okay I mean okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to um I mean uh make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or you know like so go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take well so okay care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some um uh you know She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to you know uh so do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor uh you know you know all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring you know so um movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel okay so um movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news uh well well. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, like I mean you know we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about like I mean you know spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from so uh uh 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality uh well well starseeds the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're so um uh here with me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it uh okay uh. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you I mean so uh so much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before like you know uh we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding like okay um brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today okay um um it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk okay you know well to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we you know you know so are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a well like so break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan well so okay a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to I mean well uh cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of so like I mean planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording um I mean so from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will share like I mean well on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the so uh like intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not like I mean okay in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, you know well well welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part um uh um of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less well um well so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We like like well are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks I mean I mean so coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to well you know like man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or you know okay you know reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as uh well uh we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that uh well so first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit okay well okay as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to you know so like the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties like like well. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll you know well so have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that so like you know last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her uh so um practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer, I mean well so right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football I mean well well fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the uh okay well end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week uh um um for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter like like so Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game so uh you know week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, like you know you know which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, like well well all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the so so like impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot of players on I mean so I mean your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there okay uh so was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys like well like. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk uh like I mean about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days so uh I mean since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions I mean like uh show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, um okay like take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet I mean I mean well is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now I mean like you know that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain you know uh well couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to like okay well talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives like so uh everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click you know you know I mean Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were okay like I mean they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, and I like uh like think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the death you know um okay of the black church in the black community. E in the role um um um that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really like uh so hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again okay um so probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like okay I mean like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just like um I mean those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where um uh I mean we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of I mean like well Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block well well so leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite I mean okay uh etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness you know like okay goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness well uh like and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on you know so well track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship group okay so I mean as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us so okay okay focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person. We I mean well so trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then on okay um I mean the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't have the uh you know like time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a one-on-one so so like basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a lot okay so like about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So you know okay well I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to I mean like you know join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever well like so you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and um okay well on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to okay I mean you know our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review like like okay the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana you know well I mean husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing well so okay brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our um well like excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at um like okay this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us well you know um over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a I mean so like thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned like you know like together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our okay okay like email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your like uh you know host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that um like so we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this uh okay uh show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts you know so I mean. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top well well um 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles like well uh on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter you know okay uh in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes okay I mean uh. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And like you know like the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games like so I mean over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and uh so um here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I um you know okay will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the you know so well long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and I mean like I mean ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so um I mean okay much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to me um so okay Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So I've uh okay okay been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual uh okay um exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a well so I mean Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married I mean um well their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January okay uh uh 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals okay I mean like new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to so um so address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly like well I mean podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so well um um far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a like I mean um mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put well you know okay out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that like I mean like I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, so uh like but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it okay uh like right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to um you know okay do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday uh like well will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis you know okay uh birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's um um um say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare so um you know drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where okay um you know we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan like I mean like is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John you know well uh Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that I mean so like Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange um well well County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately um I mean like recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So so um uh you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two well I mean I mean Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can I mean well um check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check uh um you know them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry like you know so deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you you know like I mean know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho you know uh so Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always I mean so you know on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But so I mean so it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can so well um be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you you know I mean well know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed you know so okay wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which uh so like is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank well uh okay you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins uh so I mean me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am um so so so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story I mean I mean well and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School so like well. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just you know well uh so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of like um well life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love well like you know for people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so you know I mean well much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting like I mean like down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from um you know uh these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone well so um Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car you know so okay. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose okay um well farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really like uh um good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey well okay you know was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to so uh okay you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What uh you know so is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, um um so imagine how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch um like okay the 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark uh uh okay a Altman every day on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro I mean you know so TV stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just so okay you know have to pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, you know um you know but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't well you know uh miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, I mean you know like this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And uh like I mean if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book um um like Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy you know um so Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike so I mean well Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special okay okay you know guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them on um uh um Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to um I mean so talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going okay I mean I mean to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally so well um interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate so like okay you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at well okay you know Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost well okay okay two years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to like well well get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we like okay okay got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and uh like so we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the you know well so Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week um like you know instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we okay you know so discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, well like well and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection like like well you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I okay um well want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if you know so well the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better well uh um or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and like you know well honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if uh like you know it all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make a you know well so podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is great. And as like I mean so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean I mean well or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for you on uh uh well Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor app uh like like or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are well like like going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board okay um so member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael like uh you know Carboni. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason I mean like um kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played uh so you know in more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing um um so kangaroos. I've got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life so like like and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus um I mean uh it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are uh uh uh behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl I mean uh uh game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all you know um you know hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love okay I mean I mean what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast so well I mean. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record you know uh uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast uh um um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you I mean so like can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need so so uh to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo like I mean uh the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth you know I mean well talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money um uh like wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is like well okay not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's uh uh uh about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's largest um um um mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an I mean I mean I mean intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection so um you know of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big like well you know Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure like so okay to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to okay so you know sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners uh so uh would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor you know like uh dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone you know okay I mean Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the I mean well uh history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined uh you know okay by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects um okay well. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash like so like has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space okay I mean like. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple uh um uh at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame uh you know like from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he like okay okay was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he um you know so saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That so you know like him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his I mean okay I mean attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in um you know um the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat well like uh fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall Street's um okay you know interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan well like I mean was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon okay I mean okay row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating like um like peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit you know well um of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one so I mean well else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we like well um already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost okay well um like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back so uh I mean for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was like like I mean the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep okay like so in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is uh um okay rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't uh you know um complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who um um you know membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm so um like playing hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you um like I mean should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but uh I mean um it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, well I mean I mean I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth like so I mean. First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one um I mean okay and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King uh you know like Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get okay uh like the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I you know you know okay quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters like well like. He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like like okay like his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth um okay I mean and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not like I mean like enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be I mean well like safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown um well you know saying there is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches um um um also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I you know I mean I mean don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't well like I mean be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self like I mean okay you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake so um like the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a so you know so beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my um like okay heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because you know uh uh she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her so okay like life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living so I mean so with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived I mean so okay problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact I mean okay well that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another day well uh I mean on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status after I mean well okay all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the um uh um relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next so so I mean year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you well you know um certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview so I mean so people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views you know you know you know and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the okay like well easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you know I mean I mean you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download well um I mean it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to okay um um record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast I mean so okay to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily like you know um make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the um you know I mean app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's well I mean like Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm okay um I mean going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is like like so Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here like okay like joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for uh I mean okay today and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this um like I mean little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it I mean well okay was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you I mean so um just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the you know I mean um clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have uh okay okay you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's you know um um looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I mean you know okay I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we uh I mean uh are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic I mean you know uh of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of so like well interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling okay so um me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I you know so um guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce okay so well with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having I mean you know I mean an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed you know like well his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging okay I mean well out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments or I mean um like worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with um you know so only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, I mean uh you know but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest okay I mean so Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said um you know okay it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and like uh uh four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling I mean you know uh the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't remember like I mean like that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping uh you know like on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't um well like all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how like so you know tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently um like I mean. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as uh uh so life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can like like like get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward uh I mean like. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then go out so uh um and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits like okay you know and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or so uh you know anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that. It's about you know like I mean how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's I mean so um Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I okay well you know think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what you know okay like three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we so so well will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday I mean so I mean here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my you know so uh week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that I mean so well means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday well like like. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I believe like um like unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week okay okay okay because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up okay okay I mean Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from so I mean like Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina well like so the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the you know so like unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was so you know so found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man like well so confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale okay so like Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on well well um Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this like like uh murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of well like so murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for you know I mean well children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the like so uh layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, like uh I mean 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely like I mean like focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators okay okay well always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories like like so through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a um so you know whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings um I mean you know us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews okay okay I mean. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go well uh so for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay I mean okay like or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views well so um and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This well so you know is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're like well uh looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th um like you know century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this okay so like enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd well you know uh imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started um okay okay to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think uh uh well we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want to okay so you know be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you I mean well uh from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I you know so uh love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like you're so uh well trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of okay well like I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because we uh you know like had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted at by okay well you know the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found Mice in our I mean okay well basement. So we had to put our project on hold for a few while we get um so like rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've so you know so now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable I mean okay okay out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't uh you know well seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this like like you know episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 well you know um episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick uh okay well around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our uh okay you know best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around I mean okay you know for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance okay uh like to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written I mean um you know comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this uh so I mean contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time I mean I mean well as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for so you know like joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into like so um the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was okay like like it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I think well um uh I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah so okay I mean Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey um you know like with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get uh well so eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and well you know you know we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode okay so I mean includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We uh so okay advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at um so um Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial you know I mean well leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as uh um I mean president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at okay like like least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells well I mean well Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members so um you know of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other I mean like um religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to I mean I mean I mean reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while like like well listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly well well you know recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car I mean I mean okay. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music okay uh I mean I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming you know I mean I mean out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know I mean uh dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best way you know you know well to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on well like um Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's by like you know okay far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck you know you know you know with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested in you know um um doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner I mean like so has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has like you know um a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your um well um partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a okay so like relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know well um I mean this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into okay you know okay kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms um so you know with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen okay um you know either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you um uh okay want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time well you know um or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's I mean you know well in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing okay like I mean an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to okay I mean um find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have well uh well previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group so uh um of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome I mean well you know to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met like um you know at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you know you know like you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people you know uh like come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You you know uh so got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes like I mean uh in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it so like I mean. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying so I mean okay all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that habit you know um well of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay you know like I mean. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels well okay uh and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being okay I mean you know which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason um like like are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with um so okay that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that I mean well like is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta okay um you know gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be um okay um here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did I um okay um come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about um like you know so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I like well okay was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when uh uh well I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was um okay um also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and you know so like I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're you know I mean uh obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement you know you know like. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front okay well like leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, okay you know you know I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance is not like you know so necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction and um you know so Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're really so I mean I mean excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in any um so I mean flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very okay you know okay favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing so uh um a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world like okay you know of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious well okay so subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the like I mean you know most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips you know well like from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, uh I mean you know like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is well um okay you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you okay I mean um listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in um well uh the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me well I mean I mean and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope like you know well you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in you know so so the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally like um like make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight well like like. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and okay um um we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though so okay okay. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again um well like. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in I mean you know so a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this so well so for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it uh I mean so maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, uh you know you know you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often uh like okay speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, you know um uh but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of you know like you know come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think well so like most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from like so um someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened you know I mean uh to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've like okay um not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I was so um well supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to um um well New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of like well like stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had uh um um so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my like um okay pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I mean okay well I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying so well so in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here um so well and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally you know well like in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare uh well like. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my uh uh well name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and well okay uh real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that I mean um you know might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers you know like um. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a um you know you know mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our I mean uh you know guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's well uh so weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode I mean so like 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom you know okay well one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your intro on the so like well snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We I mean so uh got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's it uh you know okay going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here. It's weird. It's you know okay well like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell like like you know it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known you know well okay for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature uh uh like every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here so so I mean um good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode okay um well includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme I mean okay so Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's you know um like gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air well um I mean and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy you know I mean well league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap you know okay well stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that so like okay the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans you know so uh. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line um you know so. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs okay like you know for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space so okay well amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us you know you know like. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake I mean I mean you know. We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, um um well I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves so like you know funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting okay you know uh down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's so well so episode we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal I mean um well trial where he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had like okay okay another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come so um so back tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as so well you know always you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of okay okay so viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew uh um well ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious minutes well you know okay of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when you know you know you know you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep so well you know you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through I mean you know um ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week like uh okay as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed um well so voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise I mean like uh temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it you know I mean I mean was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And today well uh okay we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and well you know um I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex well I mean well waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are uh I mean you know not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend you know you know like behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium well uh okay Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for okay you know uh the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt uh well like Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed I mean okay uh Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why I mean okay uh circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin I mean so like in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most so I mean um of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our so so okay mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is you know so um. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? you know like well What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also uh um like going to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world you know so like. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both um I mean so and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe that well uh okay it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you you know well um can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode I mean like okay 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on episode 1 okay like well. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today uh you know I mean and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development like uh well productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work um like uh and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom like well okay. App and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of I mean um like small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex um so so Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and I mean like uh often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third I mean I mean um grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about you know well I mean starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started uh like um. We'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host I mean so um this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor uh um I mean we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you you know so okay just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple so okay you know iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best uh um well of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the um like well mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and you know so like every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you like uh you know. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the you know like like Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links uh like uh at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast like you know you know. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit um so uh your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay so okay. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you so you know you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you know I mean like need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to well you know uh Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the I mean well so bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for so um uh the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you okay you know uh don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at home, um um okay if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find well um well the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, um um okay I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been um well like Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which well okay uh consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to uh uh well the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise like so um on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a like um uh chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can okay you know I mean find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of I mean I mean you know them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the uh well well moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but uh uh well here we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this so well I mean one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know like um you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of I mean okay so Netflix, you know. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new well you know uh movie out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since well okay um a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while well like um we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to um um so share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of you know like uh funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever like I mean well you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I I mean I mean well dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my I mean so um age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the well well so dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the I mean um okay first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up like well like to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting so I mean like through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different uh um okay people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram uh you know well handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you you know um okay for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to you know uh you know us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no um okay so. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace okay well I mean Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's okay um like about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the uh I mean okay beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will I mean um I mean be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really you know you know I mean following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script uh um I mean shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create um so I mean new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping like uh I mean / stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are okay like um super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together I mean you know okay. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank uh okay I mean you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so uh like so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love um uh I mean it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland um I mean like the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to uh uh well explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can I mean well okay stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast uh like like drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen um I mean okay to podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman uh like okay. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of um I mean so remember but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went I mean so okay to a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff I mean you know I mean and I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential you know well I mean good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a you know like uh talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and like uh you know also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm like um well on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for um okay um having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of okay uh like your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in uh like like front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird so you know I mean for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll you know okay so give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because so I mean I mean obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do you know you know I mean you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house um like like. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and okay like like I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and um um so I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening uh like um to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out like like so there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice okay well you know heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally okay so um the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's you know uh like Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or um um okay your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on well I mean I mean Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing so I mean like you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's I mean I mean so everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from like um I mean today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the I mean uh well gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the um you know uh brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a okay okay you know masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as like like um a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They uh like uh joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming so so like weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us so I mean okay why she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is uh I mean so one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes uh um uh listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to okay you know uh thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to okay um I mean make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we um like uh use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well I mean um podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your like well um pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make I mean like um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to like I mean um make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or well well um go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that I mean well okay works. That was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I so well okay started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory I mean um um victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has Fallen Begun so well I mean the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is okay okay well a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final uh I mean so season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison you know like okay and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited well so you know. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the uh like um world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu um I mean well grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does uh I mean uh a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not uh uh uh just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing so like well things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, uh um I mean mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So I mean well I mean you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the okay uh well weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about you know well okay seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to you know um like be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is um so okay AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have like you know um Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting so so okay podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I was I mean so um sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do I mean you know you know one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have okay uh okay that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it okay uh so in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis okay you know like and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri so so uh River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping um I mean so men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under uh you know you know the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison um well so meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack okay okay okay on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming uh okay so danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that so well so our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor I mean so you know it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation like um like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean uh you know computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will I mean you know um distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean I mean like and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership well uh uh. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place I mean uh um download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started uh okay so now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're uh okay I mean hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this um okay uh year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to you know I mean okay Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow well like so your hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week I mean uh um. That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an so so well episode based on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value well well okay come and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark you know um you know Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media so so uh and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your okay like um business not just any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I um well you know identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and where so I mean well to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and you know well well here. So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm okay okay you know joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital like uh so marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a like you know you know podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record like you know uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your like well I mean podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and you know okay like many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum okay okay you know and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know um like. Base download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get um you know I mean started. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row so so I mean the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is well so well this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got you know okay I mean some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast well like you know. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube I mean okay well channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and so you know well they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch okay I mean uh. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick I mean okay um a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff uh uh okay. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll like uh I mean post a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but I mean uh um once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the uh like I mean business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before well okay uh you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before uh so uh you get your first sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in I mean so well this podcast go over a couple different options you have and then let you like um I mean know what I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's okay so so go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human like well um being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two um uh um very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi okay okay well everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys so okay like. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break well so like. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had like okay well quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our well well so lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor you know so so is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if um um uh you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is you know um uh anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and so okay okay record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor like uh okay distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify you know you know well and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click um well you know the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from I mean um well these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that well uh well I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off um well I mean of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th so I mean okay episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show uh uh I mean. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk okay okay um Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre uh uh I mean Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at okay like um Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to okay well you know sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to um okay so like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can so well um get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building uh uh uh on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best well okay you know place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college you know okay I mean gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They well well uh literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody okay uh you know. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words like uh okay because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to like you know I mean the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this so so well is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I like like uh would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just uh okay like need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is uh uh uh this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is well you know so conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going you know you know like to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from so so um Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship so I mean okay with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to so uh uh the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor okay um I mean before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast uh so like and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's okay okay well free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, um well um why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that you know okay well allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor well um like will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I have you know well okay just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like life so well okay. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica Simpson okay I mean so book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say anything like like you know in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me if you would I mean I mean well rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I um like um were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right now. I even went to his uh I mean you know Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if people were commenting. That's like I mean uh like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this but that bad it's not that like like uh bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with so um okay Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I I mean I mean uh think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and um I mean I mean I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from so um um Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having I mean like I mean me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was like I mean okay weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you um you know I mean so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first like okay okay of all because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to I mean okay okay LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop you know uh uh being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This uh so um is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once so I mean well a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go I mean well so live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing well um I mean. So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So um so like here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to uh you know well get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and like um I mean there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo um okay like episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, so so I mean March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo with I mean um so PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous uh I mean you know Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel you know like so 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough so um uh. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United States well I mean I mean the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are based I mean well well in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The okay I mean you know number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a well uh like hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I so okay well mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing um I mean um home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who well um uh had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah you know you know um the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush. Here we go um uh you know. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we go get into um uh uh it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's running the uh I mean you know whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac bitter truth well you know okay to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot okay okay so of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't well you know I mean break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what you know uh um I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's you know I mean I mean stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club like so okay with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk um uh like about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he well like you know came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So okay uh okay very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm you know well so Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying okay so okay Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful so uh uh Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport um so I mean with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as I mean uh like he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He you know you know I mean was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He okay you know you know encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami. This uh like well wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to all I mean okay like Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look well you know so at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured I mean you know so aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and you know well like welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to so you know so the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and you know I mean like welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with like um well your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be uh um okay digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a okay well um look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under uh so like Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in I mean okay you know Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually I mean you know so down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay homage so um like to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors you know uh you know professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor I mean I mean you know to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join me you know like you know each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay tuned for um okay well the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs so you know like Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with um so I mean business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to well well you know take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super I mean okay well excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa uh uh um teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on okay uh I mean a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also okay so well does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time makeup so okay so artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you um um you know guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode uh I mean um starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this I mean you know okay podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast uh okay you know. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about like like well random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title um okay so. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to um um uh figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice I mean you know like a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode uh like well is about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as okay well I mean a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast you know well um will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast okay you know okay should be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto well you know um the podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for like so okay us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the well uh uh upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy like I mean you know Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a um okay uh little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL I mean so uh East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real like like like big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let you know like I mean me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the floor so so I mean and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do well well well this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to talk well you know I mean about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that so um like I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and I mean so you know what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and I mean okay like then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I just uh well well started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where well you know um I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and you know so uh creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I okay you know okay share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter so like well and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in I mean you know so life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the um I mean you know reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going so okay uh to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're okay okay um not always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to I mean I mean okay be really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other well uh like days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're uh I mean you know just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear I mean well uh and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that okay um you know business you want to build or that career you want to have is just like well like unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who well like uh knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is just March well like so. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described in the like like so last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And I mean um um this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that well I mean well we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal of this like uh um show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or she can get well so um on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending a I mean well I mean space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our okay um I mean great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of dr okay well like. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride over okay I mean okay to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a you know I mean you know motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known so you know you know as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get well uh um them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice um you know I mean. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with um like like Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served you know okay um as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she okay well uh feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm okay okay uh here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are so so uh you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your you know like like room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is well uh okay always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and okay you know well together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in it. Oh like you know I mean and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I you know um so don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I want well I mean well from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have your looks I mean uh I mean your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends from like I mean uh way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us um you know I mean today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San you know you know well Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share well well so with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true so so well. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah you know well like. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a so I mean so minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? like you know um How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going uh uh um to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I okay I mean okay would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go like uh uh to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, like like like I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only so okay well known it like five ten years before early because all I need to um um like do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just so okay um click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it like you know well in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do okay uh um not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also um you know um need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some so you know uh come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world like okay uh or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome okay okay um to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more I mean I mean okay than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy this so you know okay one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social well okay I mean media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers okay okay uh dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave like so like a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome you know so uh to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely um like so Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those well okay so of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the okay well I mean guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular I mean um you know program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict okay well um on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell well uh okay and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps like I mean uh Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a few like so well years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels all across you know okay okay the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am uh so you know here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's a pleasure um okay I mean to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo okay you know well Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something like uh like. What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your okay you know like entire life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have um uh you know our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, so I mean um my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, um uh okay so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to well so okay this major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th okay okay um 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like I mean uh well a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe so so you know 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from uh like okay way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it I mean um I mean is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack you know well like. So what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long uh well uh time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a so well um hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check um you know okay up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked so like I mean randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you so okay um and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm you know you know um always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills okay okay I mean. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already you know you know you know listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff okay uh you know to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play for you know um you know the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of so like I mean you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream um okay well and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So okay um so now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say I did okay so well not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own you know uh okay insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my so um so selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I like like um woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on so um well this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your own I mean I mean I mean reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that I mean so uh you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast uh so I mean is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater you know okay uh Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are okay so uh as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process okay uh you know of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and so uh like we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can uh so well merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're like uh you know not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices uh you know you know of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes so um uh discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise well okay so Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia okay well um ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation so so you know party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an I mean um you know acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl um uh so very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, well like okay they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to well so um Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali uh like like thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to like um well the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here uh so well. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has uh you know I mean. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with I mean you know um blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta I mean okay uh is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the I mean you know well family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually okay you know so talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and um you know I mean is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference to you know like okay artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature okay well so and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based you know uh I mean on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion well okay like statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster okay you know uh bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name um like you know is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing uh so you know show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine uh okay um start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing like uh okay side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history tonight's heroin okay uh like is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't know like well so exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about what well I mean you know happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States the British uh well so and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with like um okay Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to uh well like help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road like I mean okay. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew so so like through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered like so uh in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors um okay uh inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna uh I mean like South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she uh like you know felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life you know like you know through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host um so well Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse I mean I mean well and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's I mean well um unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they you know well um did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most well so okay of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't you know um okay we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you so I mean well from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh I mean you know you know watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know okay okay you know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and one like you know well phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated you know you know okay. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or you know like uh how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix um so um. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has like um uh been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's well like you know book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The well like well Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, please like well so enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and well you know well the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's um so so the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our well okay I mean Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup okay well okay of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we like well so do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet you know um well and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the uh like like Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This like well um is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on I mean um like the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray okay okay well this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just you know you know um going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it well okay well I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay um um um home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% well you know uh but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went I mean I mean I mean back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of you know so like Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions like I mean like have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these uh um uh episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday like so well. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible like well like cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts you know um so. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with okay well so Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear separately uh well like could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And okay um so how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu um um well to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid so you know I mean joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to okay well uh be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in um okay um the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm you know well you know really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She so like like believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing well so uh to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands so like like in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great you know like well to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine uh you know well. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I like like okay live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if um like I mean you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison I mean okay like Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I so so okay along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be okay so you know 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as um okay like next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something like well okay weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be you know well I mean the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have I mean like like been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other okay you know okay explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in so like like the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you know okay um you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her you know okay uh earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our uh well okay Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for the so I mean I mean word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister Ginger labash like so you know who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She works you know okay so alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves okay uh like as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee I mean uh I mean. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a I mean well okay CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, you know so well we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum uh um uh with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We uh um you know also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the you know okay I mean Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who so like you know listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of well I mean um the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to like so so explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and uh I mean okay Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - well you know you know man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating uh uh like character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions uh uh uh again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of I mean um uh them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time well I mean okay but before all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time you know well um since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been you know well I mean there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I I mean uh uh played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh so well me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well uh okay podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know you know well. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um I mean I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to um you know so make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred okay uh um on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on um like I mean health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and you know I mean uh Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot like well okay 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some I mean um uh of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's well okay like Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 okay uh like on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa like so like Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night you know so uh. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa I mean uh uh Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night um so well talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending um like um with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and uh uh you know now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day. I'd you know okay like only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop a super I mean you know okay work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they I mean you know uh always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did like um uh I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't so uh um remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me. So hopefully um uh so you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit so you know uh of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things so well well about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast okay like so. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your um um okay podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So okay well um download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started I mean you know I mean check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the um you know I mean title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings you know okay well will be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes I mean so like. It doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to I mean I mean well be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website okay uh so at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask I mean so so you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can okay well uh I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good I mean um like. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 well um okay above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't so so like allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? so like you know Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know you know um well who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, okay I mean I mean so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the uh so okay rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only like like uh school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't okay okay so ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't you know uh you know know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm well uh I mean going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's okay um uh literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in like um uh one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you you know I mean okay here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind um okay like of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't um okay like really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with um you know like a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself I mean so uh a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous you know well you know lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability um okay um to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you know like um want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that okay uh uh Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in um I mean okay the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly okay I mean so going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because like you know so Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight uh so so. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so I mean well uh she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other you know like uh reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now you know like so I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know so okay uh your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today uh like you know on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a okay like uh deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel well um uh and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 um uh so p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on okay um uh. It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real well I mean um real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never so you know um met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he well like like is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is like uh well that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him uh I mean well up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He like I mean so loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he uh okay well will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I mean like um I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how well like um we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's you know okay um like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open well okay like. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again you know like uh calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, so okay uh we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other so okay well. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here so so um. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to you know well uh worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays like um well hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I like I mean okay play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right okay I mean so. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way back you know so okay when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife well so you know you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I mean so okay I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could um so like just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come like you know I mean chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna uh okay well. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell okay I mean so me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited like so you know to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's uh well okay a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm you know like I mean just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She like uh uh just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category I mean um okay. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading I mean so so faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony okay uh you know Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or okay you know okay not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know uh I mean so if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered uh well well that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your okay I mean okay host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about like uh well spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age stuff um I mean I mean Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will well like well be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will you know so uh have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on so um well this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really um I mean uh looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have a like I mean well business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't have well well okay customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's what um okay I mean to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your I mean like uh offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings and well okay okay possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into the black with your so like you know air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how okay like um to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies um like so will get you more bookings and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty okay so so / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super uh you know like simple to implement. They're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of well you know um them will require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of so uh so investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode like so like contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may uh uh um find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly well um you know was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office you know okay like. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff like um um. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa like um uh you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his so you know like teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just uh um um what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is the you know um well more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know I mean uh so what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more you know like so that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a uh like I mean special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my I mean um um name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a well like well podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin so um um in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen okay uh well. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue I mean okay you know by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing like um you know all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but I mean um I mean on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with well like uh hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible okay well like but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of uh you know well Hope first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you know uh like you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So I mean um so let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely like you know you know free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean well well from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do so I mean okay anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple uh so uh podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with you know okay you know no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this you know uh so is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word uh uh like increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through um okay uh Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this one so well like. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it so I mean well possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and I mean well I mean 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday you know okay like. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and well okay okay I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio um I mean okay experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really so like well really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of uh uh well the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord uh uh like you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you know um so you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to well um like make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and well well so you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really you know um I mean really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take like I mean um things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find okay like so out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah you know so like. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing uh you know okay shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have well like um Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the good week okay I mean I mean. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned you know so uh we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson like you know like and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The okay um like summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge uh well you know a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some well I mean like true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic okay uh okay like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who so well like gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved so you know so notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name okay uh you know is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that um like uh I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I you know okay so am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things well uh um is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get uh so like the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things I mean uh um that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which so okay okay is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency so uh so created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here you know well I mean in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East you know well you know some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn you know so you know from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless uh like well absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth um I mean well Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad um well like you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not always um like like the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that I heard it so you know um in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in you know um well the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called okay okay like a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth um I mean I mean is that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind you know I mean uh each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other okay I mean uh person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and um well uh only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and so well I mean his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in okay so okay US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce so like like to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we had so like uh talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality now okay like well. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome well so I mean to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of I mean like I mean just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us so you know you know start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are uh uh uh individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, uh well well it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know well like so us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard well uh well. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one uh well um. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house so um so Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So well like I mean I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you like I mean like called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of like you know so the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival um um well selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 okay so like action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy so uh I mean feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home uh so uh at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed I mean well uh and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To like like like one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA so I mean like band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for like so you know teens melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've um I mean um looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, um so um but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV you know so I mean talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I okay I mean I mean apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is like I mean like the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having I mean I mean uh an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have so well like a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast um so so of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie uh okay well deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know so so uh how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just well I mean you know editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the um well well trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past so um you know. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and well I mean uh everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure um like uh out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a well you know uh proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why like like okay you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way shape um uh okay or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm okay you know I mean not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average um okay uh high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a okay well uh little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell like um I mean that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil you know I mean I mean who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of um okay well all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the okay okay uh law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come um uh well near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I so um um Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with so okay well the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that surpasses uh uh you know all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in the like you know I mean world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up I mean so so the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been given uh I mean so to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs. According uh um well to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all so well uh the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This um well okay will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion um like like because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably um uh um To be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get I mean well like through all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm like so um good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to um I mean you know make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael well um um. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having well uh like me on Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage so so okay trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the uh uh like trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to uh uh okay today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering I mean uh you know the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were uh you know um considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime like I mean I mean of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This I mean uh so podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a you know so you know few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I like okay uh interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to like so you know answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page okay well um on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I you know so uh promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask like I mean so me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at uh I mean so near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for um so um near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but uh like so while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm you know you know like Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than okay so like you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches a you know I mean you know very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other you know uh okay people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you uh I mean well missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer you know okay um does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important um I mean I mean tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control um uh okay. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on so so uh your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we I mean okay well unpack everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS okay okay I mean so that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and so um I mean devices. This episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast okay well okay. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that uh well okay they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it um I mean like from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really okay so you know like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and so um so edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere so like uh and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no um well like minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very own um like like podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion um you know like is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about well you know so to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements um uh I mean from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give you the like so well most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon um I mean okay the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried himself you know so so his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before so like so today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy like so you know on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good you know I mean um. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much okay so like better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train like I mean okay legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you like uh like I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see I mean you know I mean you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well you know so you know I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not so so okay as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but you know I mean well I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers you know you know well crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't well um I mean be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our I mean like I mean I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a I mean so like special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's okay um well your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? you know uh so I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at so well so work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy well okay uh future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star okay so um. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and well so I mean True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener so so uh discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the um like uh sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate you know you know so sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what a like so so time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if okay so like you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning okay I mean well of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter I mean um so is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this well uh so in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan you know okay uh Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's I mean okay okay the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University uh okay uh of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some so uh I mean of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess you know I mean well but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight you know okay okay. I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing you know okay okay I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in you know you know I mean Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling well I mean okay all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about so uh so anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um uh okay podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record um okay you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your uh well well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more well so like you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you okay well you know need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go so um I mean to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of you know well you know the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court you know you know you know of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City like well okay bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's okay like uh decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back okay okay uh to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney okay well like Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution um okay you know is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest um well uh ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on I mean like well a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day so so uh but the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the uh well so front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along well okay uh the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in uh well you know the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, you know um like they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe like so well the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those um okay uh of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions you know well well of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's uh like like the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict um like uh on but no by at go by in a module on my adding my so well so messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to okay well well say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break uh like uh that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has so so so simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do I mean you know like all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create I mean uh I mean and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you okay like like waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus okay okay I mean after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he so I mean okay gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God okay um you know to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to uh I mean uh be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter okay like you know comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus I mean I mean I mean says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They um um uh something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of like uh uh Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father okay so like in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would I mean so I mean be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your okay you know I mean host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have so um well heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic like okay well advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient I mean uh I mean and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology uh okay okay platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years well you know um American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do um well okay you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody so well um Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on I mean like so everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my well okay well best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night um well okay. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know like so uh ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was uh you know I mean fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian so okay like guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know um so you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts um okay okay of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article uh I mean so go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to well uh so say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about um so like the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the well um uh history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, okay I mean um I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from um um so PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the so okay well sea. It's also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the I mean so I mean Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king um so like cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on the only podcast that is well you know I mean going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one well um uh. There are times that I look over this list to see what's coming up and I like okay well get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real okay so well soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants I mean okay you know AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls I mean you know so AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if uh well I mean I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last so so uh week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with me I mean uh um David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of okay uh like course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them well I mean um very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're um uh so counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, you know um you know one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park well so okay. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with okay like okay nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here so um okay every day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you I mean so uh get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer like uh you know Olympics had concluded and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park you know okay well Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division uh uh well two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division um so um stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and like uh I mean I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of like okay okay the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the I mean um well eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even you know so um if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to so well okay a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have well uh you know it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in I mean so you know the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used I mean okay well for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms um uh okay bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism well uh okay in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to like so like get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our so uh okay names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is like uh uh. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old you know okay well Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main um you know well employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy uh I mean uh and a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 okay I mean like 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm so um so transgender. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new uh uh okay Spotify original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders you know okay like by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from like like like Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but uh you know well today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always you know I mean like this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition so um um. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice like um like from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because you know um so the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top you know you know like. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush like uh so show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would you know I mean so like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's a so you know well lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question uh um um for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has okay so like actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham well so well with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're so you know okay here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation okay well okay and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid like okay like open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body uh uh um embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak um um you know about and so my question for you just to get right into it because I mean well like I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for um okay well you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let you you know I mean um know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our you know um okay podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are creation uh okay you know tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your like you know like computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be heard on I mean okay uh Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money from um okay um Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a podcast uh um you know all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and um uh like Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's so uh like a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason uh I mean I mean. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother like uh um listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's okay well so good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we uh like you know get into Addresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug or so so I mean big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want so I mean okay you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the um you know um Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to okay okay like hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather so um like than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of you know um so the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It um uh uh just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you um so well will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome I mean um I mean to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability um um uh become so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness uh you know I mean influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she well I mean I mean came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World okay you know so perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with well so um may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea well you know like of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed I mean uh I mean to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It um uh you know was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I okay um you know really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a well um well comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay like um you know Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the okay like um outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small range like you know so Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell so uh you know. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose I mean okay like levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is um I mean uh the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through well uh uh the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the like like you know concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the okay like well bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose like like like into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored you know well you know for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration well like you know. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode well okay so today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his um uh I mean total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super like you know uh nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot so um uh of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation okay like I mean with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just I mean I mean so to note the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So uh uh um the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you um you know so want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin uh like uh podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of March okay okay like 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the morning I mean um uh. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank well so okay of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round okay well okay of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the I mean like well cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the well okay okay right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump I mean like uh tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the uh um I mean Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is so okay um the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a well okay you know Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this you know like okay is the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by you know I mean you know. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in I mean uh well the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views well like uh or comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but so okay so I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came you know um like on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go okay um well pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast you know like I mean. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and you know like like curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany well I mean um American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your okay I mean I mean host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor like you know you know here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over you know well like the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did uh okay uh and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got well you know like up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into uh I mean uh halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they um so I mean didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the okay like uh time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt um uh well comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but I mean uh uh a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject like well like matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone so you know um discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about so like um sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened um uh um to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists I mean uh like on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this um like I mean PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors uh well okay popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at um you know I mean Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with well you know uh GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue uh you know um Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games okay well uh industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series like so like GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you know so uh you guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush like I mean like through this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can um like um sorry so start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of you know I mean well all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie uh I mean you know and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call the like I mean I mean great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're going to like like you know Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course do okay I mean okay our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're like like well going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation um okay well. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen uh like uh Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out I mean well so of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're okay well uh covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year well like well old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back so I mean uh to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My so I mean uh name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 well like so salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a like um okay first episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny you know um you know stories that focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners uh I mean I mean and every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny um um I mean stories you guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email um um I mean us and we'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast okay um I mean. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will start with my first two okay um um because these are the these are the ones from when I was an um okay you know assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three days later, well you know okay which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys well uh um and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether like so um through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and you know well well this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day so you know okay almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a um okay you know friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your uh okay so way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And uh you know so this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind I mean um um. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in so you know um a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply so okay you know Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of uh well so information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put you know like um it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm I mean um um joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad like well uh boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr uh so okay Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all so well um know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in um well well the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on I mean so um or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good okay I mean so guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start like so you know brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a um you know okay little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the uh well I mean story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who so so uh helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura uh I mean um sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous okay so like. His father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't well like um have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and okay okay okay became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not I mean uh uh covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything so um uh that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in part well so uh. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to unchastity like uh so or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that um um um they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act so you know you know. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin okay so um and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid you know well well Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter by Roald Dahl okay uh well. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short uh well you know story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl uh like well. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously known uh um you know for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has sold over okay I mean okay 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition uh um okay begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work. It well you know so seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted so uh uh to say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the well uh well comments with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so well you know um I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I I mean okay um wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl so I mean you know. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey like um like they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys so like I mean have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So uh um so a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I mean I mean so I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's me uh so uh Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and you know I mean I mean we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that like okay okay they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin like I mean you know Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this like I mean I mean episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been you know like like responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's uh well like a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back so um um. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you uh I mean um around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo um you know like little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason um like I mean. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to like so you know give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We well you know um actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we I mean uh um were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative so I mean like outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to I mean I mean so it and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed um uh I mean us experiencing Elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to um uh well send us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you like um so have any thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell um like um you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest uh uh uh way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that so like like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor uh like you know will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and so I mean um many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh you know um you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app okay you know uh or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to like I mean so take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible I mean um so to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having like I mean uh a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to so uh so record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the well I mean you know packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also well like you know using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me like so well everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free you know okay okay either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives um um I mean us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting well like okay your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or well um you know go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting uh like uh topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater like I mean you know pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway um I mean so. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where are okay okay I mean you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if you're listening you know so like on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is okay like okay episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so like I mean um so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you you know um you know. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and like so okay today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects okay I mean okay. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to uh I mean uh get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode you know you know like 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at you know um um the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other well well so businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to well so uh be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to like I mean well thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this so like well one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's um well you know totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean so I mean right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so uh so you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you okay I mean um can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful well well I mean podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every so okay okay touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that so so you know they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent like well uh four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times you know well uh every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is um uh uh your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm uh I mean um the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going you know um well to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened this uh well well week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have like I mean you know the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger I mean uh uh. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit you know okay okay card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb Bush uh um um and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC okay I mean okay registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as I mean okay I mean to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up okay um like. They said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite like so well nervous that people are going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video you know okay well every one of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of well like you know our DNA. We believe that there is this life we can live that like uh um that's just a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough you know uh I mean power we can we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and so you know like and so Way we think about this as we kind of got if I like okay I mean can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal so well like that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe I can get there and uh uh uh be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is okay you know okay based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing okay you know so House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you okay I mean um grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him I mean so so. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 like um I mean verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried well so I mean and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses um I mean okay and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that um you know I mean our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the I mean like well easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you know like okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm like um like doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute I mean you know um. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you know I mean um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I okay uh uh can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor I mean well uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back uh like uh to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 you know well um today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton you know you know so Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the uh uh like ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little so you know you know bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for I mean I mean you know. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise so like uh Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a uh like um mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard okay um you know it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I I mean okay um created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways to navigate um um well life in the thick of it and find a way out of it. You cannot change so okay so your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always like like like writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their like um uh taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why like uh um didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school well well like. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to like um well add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column uh well um you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how um okay I mean to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to you know um I mean read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught uh I mean so that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions so you know um and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It well you know like just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners okay I mean you know may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame uh um um of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within so I mean so and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with um well uh her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that uh well um she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched okay you know um on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this you know so you know labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby like I mean like. The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother like well so since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right um um uh last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked you know like um me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm I mean well well clearly a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this you know uh you know podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 well like okay a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all uh like you know neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot okay uh like of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to so okay uh see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready you know like like to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a I mean so okay thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know I mean you know um functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there okay like you know. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a uh I mean well decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into RN I mean well I mean school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2 I mean um well. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last like I mean uh time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of you know you know I mean branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with so you know like bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself well so so an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing I mean um so Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but um like so I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast uh I mean um video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First you know you know okay off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has well um okay been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of so you know well the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone okay like um up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's you know you know like actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't um um you know you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was well I mean like February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host um like like any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm uh okay you know so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, um um okay how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, like uh uh what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played you know well you know podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until uh like um eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey you know okay uh. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's okay so so at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just uh you know okay jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to you know you know okay thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to um so okay make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's um so I mean a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like I mean okay from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets you know you know so for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can I mean um so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need I mean okay well to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker I mean so okay app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know okay so okay. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely well like well just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love uh well so. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic like uh so. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking um um um like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having like so I mean xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I um so so feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way well you know I mean which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you uh I mean so do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for the I mean like so come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints okay so so. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is so you know I mean sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast okay I mean uh. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting well you know um. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to okay uh okay record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also I mean like so distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast um uh okay and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all uh so uh in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get okay I mean you know started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going so so you know through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be um you know uh laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides you know like um. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you so okay okay want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a you know so so wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair uh so I mean have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once okay so like you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want uh I mean well you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top like I mean um now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after so uh okay show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of War well uh like. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and like so well we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am so well I mean joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up guys I mean so um and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket you know okay well with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad uh I mean okay I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, uh like okay what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm I mean okay um. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you get the so I mean uh pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just want to um so okay let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary people I've ever you know um uh met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything. I well I mean okay am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love language like okay you know is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because well um well full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this is you know so so gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real um so uh here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that so well um real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like okay I mean um you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you you know okay um always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had so so well cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited well you know I mean for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what like okay I mean it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages I mean uh like So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are okay so uh and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys okay like well wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening well I mean like that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So you know okay like the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? like I mean okay I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been I mean I mean like it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, well well you know and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This so well um is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after well um uh your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit like so uh earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that so uh so you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro um so well after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this like um well snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the uh so uh way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step so I mean so the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast uh okay so hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to so like you know Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You you know like okay name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that okay um so. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back um uh I mean when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to you know okay okay know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay um uh you know for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will I mean um um hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the like uh I mean anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to um like okay the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows I mean well okay at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive I mean um like new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a so okay like short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have well well uh written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the you know I mean so anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free so uh uh and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is you know uh you know released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get you know uh like rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to okay well I mean episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to okay okay okay a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the okay um um hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying I mean you know so but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to um uh so rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is you know um like fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's I mean uh I mean your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to you know I mean well speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi um okay I mean guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's I mean um okay right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's I mean so I mean actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode well you know well 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we uh okay I mean had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one you know like well like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I like okay you know love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to like um okay that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy uh so like it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in I mean okay like session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode well so like two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student uh well um Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week I mean well so to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You I mean well uh to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from so okay like Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec I mean well well board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator uh um well as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So I mean like you know definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend and uh uh um some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock Holt you know you know so Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for me I mean you know like to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has become uh so like grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined from you know I mean um the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go any further I mean uh you know. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of our um so uh virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your I mean you know I mean personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who I mean so you know also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is um I mean okay the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of well so like the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live um like okay with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in you know like um the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises you know okay well are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only like uh um when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A I mean um you know promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen um like well in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I like so um guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I well okay so had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little okay okay like bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It well um I mean is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the end well well okay of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following well I mean like it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the so like well disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came well well well and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for uh I mean well Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's okay um well Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a like well uh loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used like uh um to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit um like uh of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom you know okay okay from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of you know so well philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through I mean okay like this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief well I mean you know got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working so so um of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is well well you know contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do like I mean so a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to well okay um carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a so um I mean body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as well um well our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with I mean so you know his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation uh I mean you know to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week uh I mean uh this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch you know okay well the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do well okay okay with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened I mean uh well to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is um um you know Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad you know well I mean. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days like okay uh. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren you know okay I mean. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled so you know um her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren like okay okay. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a I mean I mean I mean little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves so I mean um her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee you know like uh with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the um okay um session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about uh uh uh the coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance you know you know well and where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough uh well you know on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a I mean so like difference. So we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of uh so like a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So um like so it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time so so you know out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni well okay I mean and inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our well you know um investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career okay I mean so or investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect you know you know like McMaster University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is okay so you know undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about like like well the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay I mean you know a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free okay like okay. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your like you know um podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for like okay well you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod um I mean I mean catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no uh I mean okay minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? okay okay uh So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f so um like m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So do it, you you know okay okay know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about uh well okay that for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad well you know so. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and then we like uh uh get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken I mean so I mean Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your like I mean okay name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this well um uh time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 I mean uh uh & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at you know like uh this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, um well I mean and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail so so okay. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric. I'm so like um Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first um uh okay half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon like okay like into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So uh I mean so we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part you know I mean I mean 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit more um I mean so context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting you know um I mean more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're in um okay so the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my goodness, you know you know so dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't so okay I mean know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, I mean I mean well it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush like well um mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite I mean like you know songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like so like you know a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is Tiffany you know well well Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners I mean um well voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the okay I mean well pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the likes okay so so of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound like before uh I mean so any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has is an uh so I mean idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big okay like okay business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have are a um I mean uh few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the so okay um pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to I mean well you know financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with so so well me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama so well I mean win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you well so I mean back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to well you know okay get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good well so I mean. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially uh you know like after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host okay I mean um of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake uh you know like level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night uh I mean I mean and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering so you know uh SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, so well uh it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've so uh I mean got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and okay well okay confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this okay uh like week has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing um okay like with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms you know uh like of when people would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me like I mean so to be able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the um like so positivity that I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how well I mean I mean deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like like so like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will uh um like be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus well uh um and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the I mean well uh memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last you know okay like and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud okay like okay voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the I mean so um invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction um so I mean for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy you know well so and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different I mean uh like. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is I mean like like going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to you know well um listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you know I mean okay you're going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour I mean like like episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless so I mean so plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They uh you know like need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she you know like uh weather's so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening I mean you know you know. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about you know uh okay anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest uh you know uh way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools like um like that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay you know I mean or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you like like um. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's uh I mean uh everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we um well you know anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, okay so I mean let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to you know okay I mean what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so you know like you know crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what uh well like they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or you know you know I mean at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start so um um the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah you know so okay. Yeah do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is okay so um where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast so um um and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today uh like okay. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um well so. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and you know so so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast well okay um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you I mean so uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to I mean okay well make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning okay um you know handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back you know um um to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you uh you know okay all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady uh um so back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm so uh so glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening like um well to all the podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love uh I mean um getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to okay I mean I mean hear what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that okay so okay if you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right well like so sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise I mean okay like you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy like like um. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with um I mean well great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless um like so efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and you know so you know sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem is sometimes most so okay like of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, you know like you know it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike uh I mean like I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay well okay so. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have well um uh to fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day well uh um that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove well okay uh the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making well um okay a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off so uh I mean of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could like you know uh have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 you know you know uh built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie like so well Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you find it so I mean like hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky to I mean so okay balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, but it's like um so such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses uh um well and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in I mean well uh three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways like so you know of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing you know okay well the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down. So so okay you know happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, I mean okay you know it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of um you know like his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you okay so you know for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send so so uh your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's uh um I mean again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my I mean you know so favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing uh you know so in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle I mean you know uh. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week okay so you know if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in well I mean so we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 I mean so like. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these like okay I mean are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in um well uh college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and the like well um thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds okay so so. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends I mean I mean um. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway uh um like nollie. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which so um okay like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very I mean like okay Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster. And okay well well this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made you know well well there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've you know okay I mean explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were like I mean um looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort um like uh of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season um you know so we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
