6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing uh uh uh well on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do uh uh well okay we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from so well I mean okay history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female okay I mean you know um warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia called the uh you know like uh Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and could a like like like like union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good form before okay um you know okay we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I got okay so well I mean to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name so uh uh um is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports you know well um uh is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have well so I mean I mean a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what um so okay uh a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on uh so so um all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true you know uh so well Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the I mean well so uh middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse like okay well I mean division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense okay okay okay I mean for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports like well I mean so or to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a okay like so uh wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine so you know like uh playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been a well I mean like um while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone uh okay you know you know from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on I mean well I mean um the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways you know you know you know well ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're well I mean like I mean counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're so I mean well um looking back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles so well okay you know was only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg I mean well okay I mean open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan like like uh okay with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking um like you know okay sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen I mean okay I mean so free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the um like so okay quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the podcast uh like okay you know where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some well so so well reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a you know like um uh little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're well like so okay going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with you know uh well um pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I mean well okay like I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from you know okay like uh a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the you know um uh uh question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept um I mean well you know that is this If is this the quad point is this or we I mean well well uh getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a so like okay uh stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just I mean I mean well like a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's uh um um well been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's like so um uh get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured uh I mean like so walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think you know like um well duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do okay okay okay so nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm well um I mean well a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the well like so like show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of um I mean uh uh proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's like you know okay so not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a you know like so okay great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy you know well okay you know. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement well okay okay I mean games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember okay you know you know uh we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together so so you know okay. Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want you know you know you know so to see cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety well I mean so well seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony uh um like like is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium okay well so so. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm well um you know well trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife um um so I mean on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because I I mean okay uh like don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in okay okay okay well a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start this okay okay so I mean pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just started. It's like like well uh actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's a okay um like I mean that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode you know well well I mean includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme I mean I mean uh I mean Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day I mean like um uh for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt you know well well you know from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was like um so so the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the uh okay well um cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled uh you know you know uh down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something well like okay well large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode okay uh well so is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part in okay um like okay the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to I mean so uh like be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has uh uh so well infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going to uh um uh you know give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give I mean well I mean you know our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest way to okay so you know I mean make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that it's completely free okay you know okay like. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends Jay I mean you know um well and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that um okay like so are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where uh like okay well we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going like okay I mean so from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the I mean like well okay ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six like I mean I mean like years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to so okay I mean okay go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you well so like well kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the uh um like so real life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been so you know so well told I have read that back in the day a massive School of you know you know um okay sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of uh um well uh sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks um well well okay and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change okay um I mean um for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people so um you know I mean respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next um well uh um podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active okay uh like I mean Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark okay well okay okay on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed so like so okay a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually well so uh you know opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with self-discovery you know so I mean you know self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a okay um uh uh child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be your okay like um so host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me uh uh like um on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow I mean okay um okay as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss uh uh you know uh a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you I mean I mean you know uh subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family uh I mean like um to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be uh well well so more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast like uh so okay. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know well well like um podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to like so okay okay talk about giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And I mean so okay um for peace. I think I think that it's it's where we find peace when um like so um we accept that. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you okay you know so well to know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All I mean I mean um I mean right, they may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life well uh so well that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but um okay well I mean I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast you know you know um you know. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app uh you know I mean so that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've well like okay well got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including music you know like okay okay to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or computer download okay you know so you know the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to get started. In this uh okay um like episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per day well like well you know to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese I mean well so I mean made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading uh uh um I mean on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the well I mean uh like only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing I mean um so I mean this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime you know um like you know. And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory well okay I mean you know you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun um well uh okay not just don't send him send him off the Earth. What is your problem so so so you know with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say well so okay like cuz I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple okay so I mean well do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some uh I mean I mean like things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be I mean well you know um a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device like like okay um is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home you know uh okay you know. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel so well so well far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it so well like well at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It so uh so you know uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a um um um like podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers like okay uh I mean your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on I mean so well uh one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women so I mean like well from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent well so okay I mean their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan uh well uh um lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which I mean I mean uh so means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents like I mean you know uh wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we need I mean so I mean okay the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes that well okay I mean okay specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we um um like like we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's you know well you know okay part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, well you know um well same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the um uh uh okay the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March so okay well so 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games like I mean okay well and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and like so like um satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always okay uh you know well. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy okay um you know like but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in okay so you know well the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to um uh you know I mean chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again okay I mean um okay for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the you know uh so uh show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber okay so well so the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born I mean so um I mean as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a okay well um you know deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him okay I mean I mean you know of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil you know like I mean okay thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and so like um um tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your okay um so I mean cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think so I mean like so about those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be I mean okay okay okay beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you so okay so okay um much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it. If you okay okay like uh do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really help I mean I mean uh okay us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing. This um okay I mean uh first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, you you know okay like like know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We hope you well I mean so okay like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much you know um I mean you know for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of weeks of well um okay okay difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive us for uh okay I mean like the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're well like so like trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for well you know um uh your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the so well so uh easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation tools um you know I mean uh that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or um uh so you know computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can so so like so be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really well you know you know I mean imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything like you know well you know you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys okay well uh so go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started like um so well. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to well uh you know so be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a good time. We so I mean well you know first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today um so um um. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now um like uh uh folded London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks okay uh like I mean is going to win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was so uh like um playing for the Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going to like um well you know be about five minutes. No, well that's segment is going to be about okay I mean you know well five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show. Hit when you'll see how uh um um well long it is about not listening to it. But before we get into that, I'm just okay like like so going to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of I mean so well like the all the games this weekend and I will I'm going to talk so like um okay about something else as well. So first game and the Wolves beat I mean you know um I mean the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick well uh um well minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, so you know well um it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's okay okay you know I mean free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from like I mean so uh your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it like like like okay can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also um like well okay make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys you know okay um okay it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the you know so like I mean free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get you know um uh okay started back to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to I mean I mean I mean like all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without well well you know well a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can well I mean well like follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes so uh okay so to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to uh um you know I mean with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be okay I mean you know so sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or uh I mean uh like browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you so well um like never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily I mean I mean uh I mean episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello I mean like okay you know of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find so I mean okay like your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get uh like uh like cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take I mean uh I mean so this opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I like well I mean you know have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we uh uh like I mean can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey uh okay uh well. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become so like uh you know reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike well well so so Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero I mean well okay I mean. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I well I mean um uh am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has well so okay okay just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me um uh you know um at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that like I mean um so she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew you know I mean like uh she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to so well I mean I mean finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and well so well um it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do well uh uh okay with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind well like like I mean of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us um uh um like and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f like I mean uh uh m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation well well uh so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean I mean you know so or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard you know I mean I mean so on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money okay well um so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess uh you know like you know what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think you know I mean well well it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and okay you know um um do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to okay you know uh like make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to you know uh well okay Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the like uh well uh one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the so you know um I mean 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about like I mean I mean okay it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible uh uh uh I mean low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have so uh okay like Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies well well um so know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole you know um you know okay that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure uh um um well you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have uh you know so uh TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have I mean like so you know random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig so well so I mean it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it uh so so so may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we went you know okay I mean I mean to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and okay well well like Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we like okay so um are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with like you know uh I mean well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you you know well so like live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is um like uh uh you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted you know like well uh to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to uh so um okay look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen uh um um okay to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are I mean I mean I mean uh what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh like um uh you know my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in uh I mean so so specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think you know okay um uh he's okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning um well like like. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as uh like um I mean polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga um well I mean okay one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will you know like well you know we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is the um um well so Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long okay like you know well were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah uh um like uh. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this okay well so so is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at you know well like um this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know what? you know um um I mean No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- so okay I mean well L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for I mean okay uh like season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden uh uh I mean like the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend you know um well um. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready okay I mean like uh to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about uh uh well um to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up you know uh okay okay in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my well well like um alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like so like okay okay a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, so I mean okay um we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal okay you know um well. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are um I mean like okay good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you I mean so I mean I mean guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite you know okay I mean so artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account you know uh so you know necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening you know um um I mean to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an well uh uh you know episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are so well um um a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where well uh like you know you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the okay like uh okay Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab uh so well you know and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's you know okay uh I mean see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 um like so um what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast I mean so so I mean with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this so well uh so episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle so uh um well gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure I mean well so well that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, okay well uh well Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one uh you know well okay minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit uh well okay uh of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and I mean um so well regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly well um so okay to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move you know you know well so on I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath okay you know you know um. That's all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's well so like I mean up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people I mean I mean uh well watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on you know okay um um your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient uh well um well. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die like okay well you know in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today well well you know you know and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes uh like like I mean. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing well um like you know Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the well like well well Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's so so I mean I mean I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to um you know uh um Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of like I mean um like the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one so I mean uh so time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this well uh so like little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, like uh well I mean I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've um I mean you know okay been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on uh so um okay iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a like so I mean so draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual I mean well uh I mean Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your well uh okay uh host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and awaken like you know well well to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories I mean you know um you know and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human you know so you know I mean experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light okay well okay like and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back you know well uh you know. So it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to um um uh okay have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the uh like well like basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance um uh um uh to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot um like well so. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive well I mean uh uh. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too I mean you know okay uh fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig uh I mean okay so like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of I mean you know uh you know me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I uh uh like um don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in you know like okay well my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking so you know I mean so out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding I mean so like uh all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we I mean I mean I mean um just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you uh I mean okay I mean create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to okay well so well get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a like um you know um good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all so well you know I mean you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here I mean like well well to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and so um so um advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the um so uh so industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be okay um uh um talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean like you know you know uh Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my well well like well very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for I mean so you know I mean over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do um you know uh like it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you I mean so uh okay don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our uh so so okay podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break um you know like I mean it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you know okay you know I mean you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so I mean well uh you know that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your okay you know okay uh computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can uh so um uh be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put like so uh uh it you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum uh well um uh listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that okay like okay um you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go like like like well to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit um you know um uh out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm um I mean uh like not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing okay okay uh um that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that I mean I mean uh okay. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick so you know well well up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle killed like um well like someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back well you know uh so to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have um uh like uh had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of you know so um like solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear I mean uh um so more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates uh I mean you know uh. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous okay okay well okay faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you know I mean so well you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man okay uh well um is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who well so like um has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He is uh so um well of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for um so okay well three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six like you know okay well degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally I mean I mean I mean um found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think okay so you know like anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon I mean I mean okay you know. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin so so so so Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was um like so um just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad okay like like so Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make you know you know um you know this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode well like so like of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So okay so you know okay today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining um so um well our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at okay like um well st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you um I mean um uh ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so well I mean okay so, what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor get so okay uh okay it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain you know uh uh like. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a I mean well I mean like creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone so well I mean so or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we well like um um do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay well so I mean. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more like um well well and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything so um I mean so you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download uh you know so okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And I mean uh like I mean now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to so I mean well okay tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but so okay you know like now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other so I mean you know um podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, you know you know you know um it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want okay like so I mean. To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next okay like uh like time. You complain about me saying no many you do the intro like like okay um after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show okay well uh like you how it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already okay you know well so did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to talk I mean uh like okay about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this is like I mean like okay okay a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can tie me so so uh okay feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to get into okay well you know so but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh I well you know well you know could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk about um I mean okay like and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's you know um you know so not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 so um you know um greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is so uh like um my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify you know uh okay okay on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast um I mean I mean well and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is uh um like um great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit okay okay well uh these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never like you know well I mean miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on uh like well like Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and you know uh like I mean whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded uh um I mean like already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download so okay um okay the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the I mean okay so um you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you uh so well so never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get I mean so well um into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast well okay uh so where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out like so I mean so mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that like um like like sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like I mean like well like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with you know well so uh calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor uh well okay so it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and okay well I mean well everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love you know well I mean you know free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean okay so okay own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for um like like well you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way so like I mean uh people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast like you know um um with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in well uh like okay one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F you know okay like so m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast you know I mean like well for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey well I mean okay uh towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't well uh um like forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back I mean so I mean I mean in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency so I mean okay okay speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already um like like uh talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you uh um uh okay grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life I mean I mean okay well. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And well well like I mean I calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds well um like like of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the uh like okay uh Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high you know you know you know so higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate I mean you know um so your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in well like um so this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something you know um um well we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it so like I mean I mean more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything well like uh okay else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is okay you know um you know the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up okay so you know I mean a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured I mean I mean well well his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back okay I mean you know so today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just okay so um well do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you know I mean okay well you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode like you know uh like. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where so well uh uh you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available so I mean well I mean to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We okay okay I mean uh discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The okay you know um I mean Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin uh you know um like. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings okay so um um about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 okay like okay well 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some like like uh like announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel well okay so you know free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team okay uh okay like on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 um well uh you know have a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out so um like well our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and okay okay you know uh I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by you know I mean okay um the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make I mean I mean I mean okay a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people uh well like I mean have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their like I mean okay so podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do so I mean okay you know it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? I mean like I mean so Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those okay you know um so of you that have been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep okay um okay I mean harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on you know so uh well Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that I mean you know so like are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of so it um um you know I mean does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're well okay uh I mean listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right so I mean okay um. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it well I mean like well. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm okay well you know well Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, I well um well um do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play so okay um like drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do well I mean I mean I mean a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so you know well like so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure you know like like uh right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven so like um um and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes well so um okay into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It was really so uh like I mean interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew you know so so uh up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson so like okay like Fowler with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina you know well so uh Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear like uh uh uh that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot well like you know you know of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to I mean I mean like okay traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a uh um so I mean clock. In the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered so okay like um the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch I mean so uh well the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts like I mean you know okay and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball like you know so um game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily like um uh um stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the um so uh um views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode okay okay like so 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually like I mean I mean I mean happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which I mean okay so uh is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast like okay um okay. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of so um like you know age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health I mean okay like so and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold down okay um okay uh here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at Loyola well um well you know University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to this uh I mean um uh episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today I mean you know I mean I mean is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to I mean you know like well my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge like um uh um today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone like you know like um in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from um uh okay well Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this was okay so uh I mean special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting uh uh like uh your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the so I mean well you know easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free I mean well you know I mean. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that uh um well I mean allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's you know okay um you know just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard so um uh well on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight like well I mean okay different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast so um I mean okay and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to like like so well make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor um I mean like you know app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first um so well uh in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those like uh well well of you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't so like you know well notice but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get okay well you know you know into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike okay I mean I mean um as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I you know um you know so am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the uh so I mean uh world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are okay uh well I mean honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a I mean uh well okay physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying so you know um uh this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as well I mean um you know well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized you know um uh so after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my eyes you know like so uh. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it was you know you know um like so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the well okay uh okay table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I also you know um um I mean realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do uh uh so I mean much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried um okay I mean well was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They well I mean you know um got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is you know so so like Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode well uh well you know and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm um well well well going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so so well like uh I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to so so I mean like kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best um well well I mean way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about so like like you know in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am you know um okay so a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards like um I mean you know the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with so you know um so the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically I mean uh so like what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I uh so you know uh use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never you know I mean okay so have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling you know well uh uh flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do so I mean um like. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh like you know like you know and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, like okay uh like otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's I mean um okay uh your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino you know well okay well tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call uh I mean okay so me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I well like so uh like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into uh you know like I mean and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they um so I mean I mean surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen um so you know okay if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're um okay well uh going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery like okay you know you know power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So um so okay um I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad well you know you know uh reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the I mean um I mean uh diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none okay well okay okay of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that well okay like like these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a so uh okay I mean few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year okay you know I mean okay one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is uh you know so well that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from okay um um um the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than so like I mean so they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me so well um okay up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet uh um you know um on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created I mean um well I mean an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in so um so okay the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along like well well so the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance um okay um so and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller um like you know so. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning like I mean so okay all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are I mean uh I mean like going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with I mean um well I mean the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again okay um uh um for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want you know well okay um to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English well like I mean like teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of like I mean uh uh other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those uh uh okay uh militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast I mean okay you know uh. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed Jean you know so like like Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob so I mean okay you know Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee okay you know okay you know popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are 90 okay like well so Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not well like well uh last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is so okay uh well Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because I mean well well um it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though okay uh uh so we've been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory so like um like courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your okay well so okay clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or so like like uh tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important um um you know uh information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even more important you know I mean you know so than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good well I mean uh well communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to uh okay okay so get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check you know uh you know uh any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have um okay you know you know a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas I mean I mean um well and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2 um so like you know. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some you know okay you know like really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope so I mean I mean well you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great I mean like I mean uh for the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message so so okay I mean because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly um okay I mean um just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just I mean okay I mean okay to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring I mean so okay like in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality I mean uh uh like disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your like I mean well so host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of uh you know um um the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental I mean well okay okay health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need okay so well okay them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's well so I mean uh episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at I mean you know well um swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some okay uh you know well of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is okay you know um well expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize like okay so um for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted I mean well uh okay to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new okay I mean like I mean way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as so uh uh I mean you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted like uh like um and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our I mean uh okay uh budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not well so uh like yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made like okay um uh to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for well um um so the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next like you know well okay steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year uh well I mean um 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've well so you know okay selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with like you know um um additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide uh uh so I mean variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but I mean you know like like we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not like okay so um to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night. He okay so like I mean was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows okay well um um foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf you know uh I mean like and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global you know um uh well celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an so okay so um American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe so so um well movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity crushes you know I mean so like Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's I mean uh like like topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to okay you know okay like the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware so well um okay of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to okay um like uh be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three well um uh okay years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back you know uh um okay in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good I mean uh I mean well better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and you know okay I mean uh podcast landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of okay so um okay Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change uh um I mean well it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far well I mean you know uh as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of you know you know so so the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You uh so I mean uh better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk you know well I mean uh now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have I mean okay uh you know Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready I mean so okay um and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And uh you know I mean like as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a well I mean like you know because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering well so well like for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T um like uh I mean show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and okay um okay like video series we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I I mean um like I mean really appreciate you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So um uh you know uh I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and uh like um so 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of so you know uh okay you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What okay uh okay okay are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy uh okay like well based on what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing like like you know okay right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and well um okay okay everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work well um okay so on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a okay okay well uh day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be um well um like directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project okay I mean like um now our work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting like um I mean so things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is like so okay you know all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will you know I mean like like talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop okay okay I mean you know Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news like okay like you know coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy like so um so. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say um okay so like folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his I mean you know I mean like fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all uh okay so well welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We uh like uh uh this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it uh like uh uh has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he okay okay uh so was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like I mean you know well a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get well like um well anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to well well so so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also uh um I mean you know distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so um like I mean many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything so like I mean like you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or go to I mean uh well you know Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM to you know uh you know well get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be immersed well uh you know so by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you like I mean okay um probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And like uh okay um this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode so um like you know. It is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother like so um so month a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week well um like okay next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up uh you know I mean well. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my um well okay okay March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener I mean I mean like well discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo um well like I mean Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him you know like so so to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung uh like like uh open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street I mean you know so you know. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his captors didn't reply well uh so so. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside okay well like okay the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him um I mean I mean so then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the okay okay um um body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good okay well like okay talk anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just so so so well ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but you know okay you know so All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright I mean uh so uh. So what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when okay um I mean okay I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen uh so like um. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going you know I mean okay um to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one I mean I mean like okay you Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third so so I mean okay Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or I mean okay well uh do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, like so so uh if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have well um so um noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had um I mean so so dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt like uh like so Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue uh like um uh that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she um like uh um talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us you know you know like okay as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you so I mean uh I mean Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving you know okay uh okay wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously you know uh um you know spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So I mean you know well um you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow um so like uh dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in uh like so okay older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with like you know like I mean other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment um well um so is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated okay um well so fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three I mean uh so uh to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 so well well so 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are you know like I mean like very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a I mean okay you know so pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today okay like you know like we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce um okay okay okay myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified you know uh uh well Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 okay okay um uh patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have I mean you know I mean okay a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So I mean so so so literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest like you know like so who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it you know you know you know well is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of uh you know you know you know which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you well uh uh so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will so like so I mean distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast uh okay I mean um and many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and so I mean uh you know it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free okay well uh uh anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ashley I mean like like um. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for this? We'll so okay well so get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional content um I mean I mean um creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something that you know I mean okay like is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for okay I mean okay well this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are well I mean um well tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like like like uh phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my well I mean okay okay phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor I mean uh okay so distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at you know okay so I mean this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of you know you know okay I mean challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with I mean like so so enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as okay I mean uh so I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual you know uh I mean um met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you okay um like okay know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What uh you know like uh kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the well okay you know like lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is you know um like okay a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to so well you know well bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize um uh okay so fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel um uh you know like qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth okay uh um like of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy well you know you know well. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of well you know um well two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and I mean uh so well days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called um you know like I mean Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals well like you know like to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's well you know you know well it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can um uh I mean okay hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight like okay I mean you know we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl um so you know I mean my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl uh you know well I mean. Hey, what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what I mean okay like you know do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola well I mean like okay. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But well so you know you know um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist I mean uh so like training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I okay you know well like brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit you know you know so okay myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of so uh um uh making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you uh you know so like doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you so um I mean you know want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much well um well so stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids um I mean okay I mean come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the uh uh you know so where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about okay okay you know like house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep I mean I mean uh like. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is like well well so fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I okay so well I mean was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times um well so uh by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was so so uh okay still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back like you know so you know. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game okay well like well. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the big burn um you know uh I mean from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a like like I mean well horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked well you know I mean I mean at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service to so okay uh so hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts um like I mean okay. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution well um uh well is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 well well like like Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush uh so uh like on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, so you know I mean I mean and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting I mean you know uh okay started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I mean so uh well I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own so well okay okay Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing well you know um um this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you know okay um you know you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like okay I mean like um to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click um I mean you know okay on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon is okay uh you know um 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class so like um uh up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether this well I mean well um is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much so you know I mean okay for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me is the well so you know well Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse so I mean like so me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is like okay okay well. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked um I mean well I mean to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we just okay like okay well kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is like you know like okay the place you're going to want to head on over to you can find well like well like us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty I mean uh so um cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel man so you know okay I mean has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it was sick the I mean okay you know like what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the cup of the Exile boys like well well like. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR you know uh um okay house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond uh like you know like if you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, well like okay so right cause like that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I well so you know well don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean um like uh. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record so you know okay okay and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you know like okay um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can okay okay so uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make okay uh uh so a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you uh um um I mean living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that well um well okay picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you so I mean uh okay is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well uh like uh so why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't like so like um seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people uh um okay well on the go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail like um you know you know is life saving. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named um well you know so Martin. He had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he okay so I mean uh booked his ticket but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong like so so like Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline okay okay well uh had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the like well uh you know art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who like okay like so are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community that uh you know well you know elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you up I mean um so okay for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a well like like um special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best Ajman okay well well like and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's you know uh you know well your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus like I mean uh uh. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and well like you know um retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to um so okay okay our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've like I mean um like sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, um so so you know and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for okay um so I mean international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening you know so so you know. In today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the I mean um um so Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of I mean uh uh I mean them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with um like I mean well Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now I mean um um well. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip like well uh uh. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show um so you know well. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed so you know I mean um with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my uh so I mean uh immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having okay uh okay well you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with uh okay um like AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for so um I mean okay Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world well I mean okay you know. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other I mean so like so day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the like well um um start of any number two. And before we get going we want to give so I mean well okay a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star so so you know so Sports the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game well so um uh going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of okay uh I mean like great training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even well um well I mean the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome uh you know like I mean to our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help um okay okay okay you Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this okay um well okay podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, I mean um I mean so this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this uh I mean so um might mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now well so uh I mean have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is um uh um like the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that um uh so like when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time we so you know I mean you know do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even well you know um well this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if you break I mean uh okay um down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into Small little Adam and Adam like uh I mean you know in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They are a form of uh well um um energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The uh you know um well run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform well I mean you know uh your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches uh well well you know and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we well okay so I mean will get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that well um I mean like you can be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did so okay so well they get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do um well you know you know a deep dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner so okay okay you know. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a um I mean I mean uh previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have okay uh um um an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have um well um uh been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they well um well okay all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or I mean so okay well Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are uh you know um okay people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to sports so I mean you know so Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports like well um you know take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've you know um you know okay got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing well like I mean you know director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator uh okay like like and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company so like um so since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough like okay so uh to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a uh I mean uh okay Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a okay well well you know host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is like well you know I mean the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically okay I mean okay like like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you uh uh um so guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can like so okay uh ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on uh okay uh okay she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me okay I mean well um one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing uh you know like I mean show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the uh you know I mean well inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and you know well so so tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women um you know you know like all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, so um I mean well she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in so well you know like Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila you know well well like. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson um um um so today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you I mean so well well achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's okay so okay okay Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been uh well you know you know for many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your um you know so so life or did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 you know like uh um and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in so you know I mean uh general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all so so I mean uh are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so don't um um so um say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you know so um um you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could smash um you know um you know the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the message out to so well okay so more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host like uh you know I mean Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this uh like so um entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably uh like like like the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So um uh you know okay yeah, today's topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we well okay uh I mean have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard so I mean so like of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's like okay I mean you know a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh so I mean so right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once well so um okay you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can I mean um so uh make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank so so um like you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and well so um um this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority um well okay you know in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are you know uh um okay many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon. And you know so um well today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which um well I mean I mean I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for those you know well you know so who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about okay so okay so our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get okay uh like well any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay like I mean um you know or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and okay so like I mean opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric so you know so uh McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he like um well um gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips so um I mean uh and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can you know like so I mean A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their well uh uh you know career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and uh you know okay like ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is okay okay okay you know a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are you know uh okay I mean looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us so okay I mean like out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former um you know well okay A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep uh you know you know okay this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you so like so okay know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm you know okay you know so your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for so uh like okay you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to um okay uh well talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a um you know I mean okay first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to so uh so um everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get so you know like well him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and like I mean well I mean Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, I mean um so you know the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five like well uh so minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me well okay like okay for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media okay uh okay I mean Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually created you know uh well you know a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not uh um uh I mean skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything like so uh well in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There uh so so uh is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score so well so so last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just um you know well um a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher uh uh so okay spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, so um so well it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the so I mean I mean like point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr you know you know um so. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a like well so well hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had you know okay well you know this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because um okay like uh I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you like like so I mean so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head um uh okay uh over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some you know okay well well pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to like well uh well our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you well so um like awesome content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm um I mean uh like so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the okay you know I mean like woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward uh okay okay um to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for so uh um okay tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So you know well uh so bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that you know you know you know well we do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the like well I mean well show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be I mean I mean okay I mean going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my I mean you know okay um very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just well I mean you know okay here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make I mean um uh you know a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to you know so uh um make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which um uh uh so you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to I mean um you know like record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you know okay I mean um you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more well okay so so you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can like okay so well make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money you know um I mean um from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing um well you know uh probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time so I mean you know I mean Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's so like like okay staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it uh um like I mean just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the so uh okay okay NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense I mean uh so well for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make uh you know okay okay sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team at okay like you know like 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get I mean okay well well you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- like you know okay well to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the uh okay okay well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on um you know like so your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about well like uh like whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by uh um like so whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free okay um like so. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot so like so uh f m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about uh uh like you know anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools okay like you know well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay I mean well so anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple uh you know uh uh podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership well well you know so. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download okay I mean uh so the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, like like so okay howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a well I mean so I mean meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It's well uh I mean well an idea that people have and we're going to look into it understand that nothing. I so you know you know um say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam um um I mean well. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free you know you know like you know agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should I mean okay like okay really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast uh okay like well when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We well uh okay okay did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously I mean well okay um we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron you know okay I mean well Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it I mean so so so and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, well like you know I mean but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one like so um okay one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How um so so so are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all I mean well you know so hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an you know well you know you know avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current you know you know you know uh timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of uh so um uh order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining you know you know uh well your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait okay okay you know so. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you okay um okay uh like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big well you know like uh fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little uh um uh so idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor uh you know I mean uh dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms okay you know um like. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone well well uh uh or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor like so you know you know app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs um uh like um when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf like well well you know 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a I mean uh I mean uh bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going to you know I mean well um take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask well uh uh like where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because you know you know um I mean you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of like like you know you know a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual you know so so uh FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of okay like okay uh course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted like I mean so uh one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a um so okay well precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things well uh okay you know Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our like you know uh uh newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's you know uh so okay countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and like um uh um there will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience okay um uh I mean playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? so okay I mean uh Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But well um like like in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a um so you know I mean lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those um okay uh I mean in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to um so I mean okay say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I you know okay well um am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very okay um well so close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided you know okay um I mean today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the so I mean okay I mean room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of so so okay I mean mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven. I well like you know uh hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say okay uh so you know thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on uh um okay I mean Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So well uh uh so thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier I mean like like you know League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the well okay uh well biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It so so you know you know was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go um well um well off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one like uh I mean uh exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a I mean well so well weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings you know um uh well to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and um um I mean so as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new so um okay um 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to you know you know you know you know share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted um well so well to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the well okay like well most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog uh uh well so posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to well I mean okay you know write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily okay like uh so devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live I mean okay like um with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in I mean uh okay uh 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 like like um uh today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if the so you know like like tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a so well I mean so house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we you know um I mean um groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on well um uh um we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we well like you know okay groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to I mean so well you know talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record well uh well like my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent um well you know so free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean um okay um podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well well you know so I mean after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast okay um I mean you know for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and I mean you know well okay many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum I mean I mean I mean uh listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download like I mean well like the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I mean uh I mean uh I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening I mean um like okay to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the um well like okay left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It okay uh so like works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we like I mean well well save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms so you know okay like to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here I mean so so you know. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate well um you know uh and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears well so uh so. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has like I mean you know I mean used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge okay well you know uh fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page so um um uh the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her uh uh uh like and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, well okay okay so when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew well you know okay well it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? Not okay well I mean well so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, I so uh well okay told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh get your I mean like so you know mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, I uh you know okay like saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign exchange program that uh okay well so she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me so you know I mean well to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You know why they call uh um I mean okay her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or like so so you know freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on um well uh you know our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a you know you know like okay Phenom. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a uh um uh uh book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit okay like well well in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching so uh you know like experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco you know uh okay well Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack I mean okay you know so Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with um like uh um a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about so well okay I mean the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share like you know um uh with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano so well you know you know say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and so like uh I mean it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion of like um you know I mean his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation um you know you know well coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my like uh so so life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it uh well uh I mean. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, okay um I mean okay oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more um so okay well black looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed like I mean well like. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is you know like um you know the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the you know you know I mean I mean Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple uh well like so of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we well so okay like managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're well I mean um like listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you you know um uh you know for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery okay okay you know okay. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from okay I mean okay so the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to um so well so rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour like well I mean I mean yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my okay I mean okay like podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely I mean you know okay you know love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so you know so uh podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and like like okay like edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your um um um like podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many I mean um uh okay more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything okay okay uh well you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download so okay well like the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started you know um you know okay. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard like well I mean uh about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you well um you know um haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will like um like uh elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that you know like um okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your you know okay well so computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing well okay um uh it from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute so okay I mean well your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many well uh like like more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you you know uh like okay can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome okay you know okay you know for me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything like I mean you know so you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and okay you know um well night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a like like um um little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's so so um like hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn I mean so I mean um Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a um so well I mean big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to like um well um New York each year and take pictures of it. And one of the uh like um like main people who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the okay so you know okay John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven like like well uh cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United okay I mean uh um States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed um uh okay I mean with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had you know well uh I mean any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going uh well well okay on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from so um so I mean our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end uh so I mean so of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the you know well uh uh criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or uh well um so wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York so well so like City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The uh okay so I mean criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there um so um I mean for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right like like I mean uh here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories well okay like so that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they well you know so I mean learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more I mean I mean okay you know importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today um you know like you know. Now in this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going okay okay I mean so to say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here well so so like with the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I I mean well okay like know the storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next okay well um so level. I am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming you know well I mean um doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this like well so well has been a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long like I mean I mean okay don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the um uh well I mean world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most you know well so like notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most you know um well like fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips like you know well so from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, uh like so you know like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is like you know like uh you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts um well so um a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing you know like um um cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and John so okay um I mean which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be understood about um I mean you know so a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were very different in regards like I mean well like to how people lived. So most people in England lived and worked on the well like like I mean land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was at actually a I mean you know like well pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to survive and live uh I mean um okay tended to be very short for so for those people within a so um uh like medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky well um so like as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode I mean okay so like of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His um uh I mean I mean name is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I I mean you know you know you know actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as well like well I mean the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said you know uh I mean like that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little well okay well okay heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have I mean well so you know had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a you know okay I mean like Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few okay okay okay um months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You okay uh uh um want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is okay you know um so Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having um you know uh okay the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro well I mean um okay there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the like so okay like are the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and like you know like uh this week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, so okay like I mean I'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and um like um you know big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So well um like so we'll just go as we always do talking about the game that happened so so okay uh yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your well you know I mean like host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you okay um okay uh need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your well okay uh well dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to well um uh well fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really like you know well um effectively over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to like okay well um share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients like um well uh into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is um uh well um on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he like so well um talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about okay so uh so to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And okay you know like you know in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either you know like okay okay places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of so so okay uh his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I mean well so uh I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want I mean so uh um to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick uh so so so introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which okay uh um well means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which so you know uh well is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in you know um so um Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm okay you know okay like Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, like okay okay okay I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work like well you know so on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I like you know uh um just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more um uh uh you know energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast well so uh I mean comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed uh okay um okay to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast um uh um um producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because well you know um um it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also uh like um so free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and well so okay like all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it okay I mean uh like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you um you know well so can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are so uh you know so. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast like well um you know all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We uh uh like you know are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special I mean um so so episode. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the like I mean well okay competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since um well so you know it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so like okay I mean well I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd well you know you know you know get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and um um um uh we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want okay well so I mean his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a um uh so uh little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all uh like so okay my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my okay um I mean so bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like you know okay I mean uh Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of well um uh like like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at so uh okay uh all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting you know so I mean I mean where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's um well okay so like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like so uh you know well a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room uh I mean so um more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you well uh I mean um for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you okay you know you know okay it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting I mean uh um like for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in okay I mean you know you know order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, um like um uh you know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of uh uh so so it that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great okay I mean you know you know things. But there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal okay okay um you know by yourself, but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're well uh like like just we're just going to flow today and we just hope that you guys okay well well I mean get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old okay so like okay daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any like um you know you know worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the you know you know uh so mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our well uh well like series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into okay so so so some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you so you know well okay listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener so um so so discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including I mean like so well the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast. Hello, like okay okay uh you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht uh so okay um Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can support like uh okay you know learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big Ed you know uh I mean so Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not mobile well uh you know uh devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation well okay like uh with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to okay I mean like well our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number you know so so um of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about so okay like well the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is you know like like uh about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology well um okay so and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe like well uh like D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a I mean okay okay well time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily you know um uh so. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for okay okay um like the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her I mean um you know okay girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that I mean okay you know I mean she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is uh I mean okay well that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where like like uh uh she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out like I mean okay well though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she well um you know I mean states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has so so well you know financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her so okay like so income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer okay you know okay uh a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I you know I mean well well want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be you know well you know okay allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus you know okay uh so. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that I mean like okay okay guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I you know okay um like am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today we have you know okay you know okay a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So well I mean well I mean Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet like you know okay I mean we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry okay um I mean you know but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but I mean um so so it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all I mean um okay well the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree I mean well well um planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part um you know so like of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting um you know okay um as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of so you know like so people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However so you know like okay tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in I mean um um like the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences uh um um well bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed uh you know you know well light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel I mean you know I mean you know in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as so um so I mean a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming okay okay uh I mean from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to okay you know so okay the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not you know like like you know drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or I mean well okay uh build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different well I mean um like levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right um um so so products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What so okay okay um type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you uh okay you know I mean want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're uh you know well well finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to well uh I mean so make money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what uh so so you know I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all okay I mean um um three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide well um uh well to build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before you know okay okay um we get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you to uh you know like you know get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results like okay like uh from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more okay okay okay well calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each um um so I mean workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or under train okay I mean well uh. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your workout? That's I mean I mean I mean um what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick well you know um uh it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to well so like um help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling asleep um so well okay and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God okay um okay so. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as you so like like okay listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an inspiration like like um okay to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, you know so uh I mean you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text well so um uh K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy okay like so okay Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I you know okay I mean um was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list I mean you know so well given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this I mean like like okay couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends I mean um I mean well. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon so uh you know uh everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and well well okay okay I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to I mean you know um well introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a uh um you know like spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to um uh like like start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone so um you know you know to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate so well uh well raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of um so so uh our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your um you know well well boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so okay uh okay you know we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 like um so uh board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did so like I mean okay you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no you know well uh so prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible uh okay like so and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the um so so so podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a like uh so so special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes you know like I mean like ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I uh uh you know like mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to uh uh so um be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in well like I mean I mean and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on well okay uh you know camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people I mean okay uh like fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day uh uh like so. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's well you know okay well 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe okay so I mean you know and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM um uh okay I mean that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard okay like well I mean time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, um so you know um you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours uh you know well um. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If you know you know so okay so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business I mean okay like um tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for uh you know I mean well / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg I mean um so so. Forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and um uh you know well I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional you know so well uh as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by okay um so well other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so um uh well well say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here with uh I mean well okay Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from you know so um well Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing I mean um you know like great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for like like like well yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like like um um I mean you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah um I mean so like. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got uh okay well like like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out I mean uh you know well because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a like uh you know okay space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be okay you know like okay covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies okay I mean um like or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right like I mean uh okay from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news um well you know uh on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if well um like um like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with you know like okay um all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult consumption like so like I mean only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 uh um um um was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All uh I mean so like I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back um well so um seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you know, I well uh uh well definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to God um uh you know you know. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous well so like uh the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a you know okay like okay hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the uh uh okay so podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite okay okay um so video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring well you know you know well two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for uh uh okay um BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you I mean um um I mean make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I hope you like um okay um guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part okay like so okay 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this you know well uh I mean one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There um you know I mean like are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If okay okay like you know this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and well uh uh you know listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of the I mean so you know okay information in part to her story all her tips the way that she parents um uh so so it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you um uh like so know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as a young uh so I mean so girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman so well you know I mean and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show start like I mean um well brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside um so uh okay outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're like you know um you know talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a okay okay you know I mean pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were like um uh well Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born well um well okay in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man okay uh um I mean and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was like I mean I mean uh controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be well I mean okay so a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's so I mean okay okay your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello like you know I mean okay. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio well um um uh well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long well uh well you know as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that like so um I mean now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog so I mean well so word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so like so like uh nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan you know like you know well. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the I mean um okay I mean tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would like well um uh make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically you know um I mean I mean they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the points you know you know I mean well it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation like like I mean uh we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers you know I mean uh okay beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a you know okay I mean so back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the okay so you know um topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got so uh like like an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably okay so like I mean since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching so uh uh so him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got uh like so uh a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he I mean okay okay I mean meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group well um uh so of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that um I mean like well she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a um um so um podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy like uh so um Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, um so well um and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I um um uh uh mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a um um uh okay draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going um well uh okay in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff I mean okay like like to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First you know I mean okay okay. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and you know uh okay like they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they're uh so um uh going to throw it in used at least that we know of so read so you know I mean uh a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before like well okay well we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the regular um like so okay season without telling the teams or players that they were using it like um like um. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league so um I mean you know the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about like I mean um so anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't well okay okay okay heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's okay you know okay um free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know you know you know well your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be um I mean um uh heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with well um uh uh no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one I mean like so so place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- well like so so to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast I mean like so um. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly like okay so um. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so like so um like excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, so so um so and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of you know so I mean okay a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by so um so well using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you know uh uh so you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone um uh okay uh tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app uh you know well well to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your you know like I mean um podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify you know like okay you know Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with so so well I mean no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to so well so like get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a uh okay uh like podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put I mean well I mean um any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal like okay so so. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from like like um um your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of um so you know okay money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you know like so um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the you know uh uh well best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything okay well well okay you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go okay okay well okay to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza okay I mean okay you know and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If um so so so you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, well I mean like uh Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and like well well okay losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode you know you know so well of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women uh um well I mean hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest you know okay um uh month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all that um so well so Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up I mean you know I mean okay to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had chosen um okay I mean well after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that he like uh okay like was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke uh uh okay so about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast I mean so um well. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the um um you know okay easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects well you know well so are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as well so so okay software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host okay uh um um the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using I mean well so well different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything so you know okay okay we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet you know um well you know or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make well you know uh you know money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious uh uh um okay about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready well like okay you know to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before now uh okay um like as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to for I mean you know um you know a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the um you know like okay field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation uh you know well like with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what so you know uh so I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how are like um well uh you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old um well you know so same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's so okay I mean okay the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like well um okay a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use so okay um um to record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an I mean I mean I mean you know anchor will distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such I mean okay uh I mean as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's uh well you know I mean everything you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to well so well um Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend okay you know um okay. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once um I mean so I mean again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion I mean so okay um soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is like okay uh okay Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and uh uh I mean like iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so uh okay I mean you know in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we like I mean so well had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first you know like you know okay time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going I mean I mean so well to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any like well um so Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you so okay um uh have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk okay um um you know to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, um I mean I mean okay that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of like um um so diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them I mean um so I mean. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you well okay you know okay can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, well like okay um right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host uh I mean so you know Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists okay okay okay um. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube you know uh you know well. If you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on uh uh you know well Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social you know so um I mean media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say you know you know well um hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get I mean you know I mean you know into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in like uh like I mean the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using well you know so um drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people um I mean um okay will tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they um uh well um thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led I mean I mean um like them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high you know well um uh Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be okay so okay like seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum like uh um I mean laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred um so I mean okay and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have you know okay like so a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks I mean um you know I mean for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your uh uh uh well name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield well um uh I mean. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm uh you know uh okay involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back um so uh you know with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last I mean like you know okay few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as like I mean I mean you know of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And um I mean uh um this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected um you know so okay and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor uh okay um I mean of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death okay okay okay I mean in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country so well so so. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 um you know um okay cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me well um uh well explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from okay so well I mean your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So it can well so uh well be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your okay like um uh podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Because well um okay um obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank you so I mean um um anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F like okay um uh m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you know I mean um you know uh for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just have an like um I mean you know interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special special edition this well I mean I mean I mean week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars session with so I mean um you know Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening wherever you I mean you know uh I mean are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the um so okay um Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba okay um um well the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon like uh like so is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and I'm well um I mean I mean here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives well like well you know in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture so so I mean so. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan uh you know you know you know Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both um like you know um watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how um well uh okay wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot you know so I mean so of different components that we have to get into so there it's going to well okay you know you know start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in so you know okay uh the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor um well okay well it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free uh so you know so and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast like okay um um from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple okay so uh well and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can so you know I mean like make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You well you know well uh gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need so you know you know well to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on uh uh well so the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's you know um I mean uh going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything okay I mean I mean so and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode uh okay uh I mean alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out so so uh um and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then um so you know you know topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl okay you know I mean you know goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who uh well like you know you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day like uh well um and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the um okay so I mean video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked like you know so well about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully you know um uh um not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each okay okay well like other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of um well so um podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics of you know uh like uh the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube. Each episode like um like okay will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like like um um you know say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John I mean I mean uh well by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from well you know so okay the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? uh um uh well So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this first I mean you know I mean okay episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is okay like um um right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local um okay well well bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just so well um um yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the uh like I mean um roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In Town so um okay well. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs like you know okay so are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have uh like so you know chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? uh you know uh so Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your like so you know okay right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to you know uh so I mean fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I became well so uh um good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach Bree like um you know uh was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to um I mean I mean I mean occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of you know okay so so her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for like okay okay um her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA okay I mean so well Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of I mean well I mean I mean knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going I mean uh I mean like to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations okay so okay uh and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the uh so okay um face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human um okay okay you know design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and so okay well you know energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where okay so so like it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design like okay uh uh and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and um like like uh of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design well you know okay I mean and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's like uh well so Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip well so I mean like balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and uh like um okay prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and like you know uh um to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your um you know uh well entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in um you know so okay the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this so uh like okay Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat uh okay you know um will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at so you know uh okay your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring I mean um uh um speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 okay uh okay okay year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend you know like uh okay Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting okay I mean like I mean over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as um like like I mean idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself well you know I mean so with Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong I mean you know I mean I mean. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began I mean I mean um like to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of well so so uh March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means so like uh okay it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we saw um I mean um you know the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP was up uh like well okay by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were um okay okay uh expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a okay so so I mean gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks um I mean so okay like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the um well like well fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the well uh well so stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I um you know well uh stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind like so you know like of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really so um so well great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and I mean so like well do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw well okay like like your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat um okay you know like. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've um like you know okay created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely okay like so you know unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going like well so well to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate like you know I mean so for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry I mean um uh uh. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your you know okay I mean well health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello you know okay uh I mean and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is okay so like well called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it uh so um um I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I uh um so I mean feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone um like um so sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely um so um I mean. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really um well okay I mean talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday like uh like well your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this okay so so okay is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and like you know you know um butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come like you know like you know to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying I mean so well like to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is I mean well so um it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more okay okay you know like of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to so you know uh like feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, what is um you know you know you know it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and uh I mean you know so it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those things start to uh I mean so so shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a uh so you know I mean wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about like so like uh everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of show well so uh like coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many like uh so well of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads I mean um so okay for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy okay uh well like what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal okay well well I mean development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at uh um so um least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that okay you know okay well are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've well you know uh well read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a uh okay uh uh pretty good list and I did a version of this a long like um um so time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put um I mean you know uh these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or uh well so so so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to like well I mean you know do but I will get to this but if you hear me say something and well so like um you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the so you know okay well fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn like I mean um uh it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just uh uh well well really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to okay well uh okay be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once I mean well I mean okay in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean well okay you know okay Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he like well well like runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark so so so like Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone I mean like like um and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur I mean so well well astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the I mean I mean so well fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and uh well uh you know feature films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If like um so uh you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories so well so well podcast every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and so so uh well possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 you know like so okay 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now you know like you know like ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on uh like like I mean AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're like you know okay you know here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we so I mean so uh will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's so well okay well first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz like like uh so is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this like uh you know well is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me so so so I mean. I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce um okay I mean so myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan so you know um uh and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine well so okay well be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about well uh like like money and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday um so um I mean. Did I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D okay so you know well the middle amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in okay so like um All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened I mean I mean um um to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk like so I mean so now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys uh okay um like are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're uh like I mean uh here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know so I mean like okay how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on okay um okay so the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I um like you know I mean may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian uh you know well I mean a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to I mean okay you know so aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and Ethan Hello like well I mean like. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show this time. We're so I mean um like going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard okay you know well so about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for okay uh uh I mean this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start well um okay like to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me okay um like um have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the I mean well um well background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest like like um okay week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when I mean uh well um we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that so okay well okay documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers um I mean so so the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians you know uh you know okay about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the um um I mean like curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class you know well so you know consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series uh like okay like presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very you know like well uh first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November so uh like well 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a very condensed I mean like okay um version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions submitted um okay I mean like from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on well okay well um our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi I mean so you know well tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about um like uh you know anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free well you know I mean you know. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like you know you know um phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple like like well so podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with well okay okay like no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download well you know well um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started okay well you know I mean. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This is like so I mean uh the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of you know well you know um just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little bit so so you know so of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your you know um so like favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if okay like okay so you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them well uh um so offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and um um um um also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already I mean uh so so be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast so okay so I mean in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the um uh okay uh conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you so um well um guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few okay um like okay sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic okay okay um uh this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across okay like um you know the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was okay like I mean um a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be uh uh well I mean halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready like like I mean so to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll I mean well you know you know be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of okay well uh you know a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There like well uh um are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose okay uh okay well gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and well okay okay so I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to like I mean you know you know be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going well like you know like to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti you know uh well you know and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs uh you know I mean um. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to so um I mean well wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream of you know um well like you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The uh uh uh so dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I like okay so I mean hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and uh you know uh uh we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's you know like you know you know no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that I mean you know you know so I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of uh so you know so podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males I mean so you know like. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us you know I mean well um field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a you know like okay I mean shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what okay so I mean like I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter uh you know um well and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics okay so like well that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce okay like you know okay each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last you know okay so I mean so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week um I mean okay like we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came uh um okay okay from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you you know okay you know I mean do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I I mean um uh I mean would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the okay you know well I mean same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode so I mean like so of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we you know well I mean uh use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to you know I mean uh well use and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and um like so okay edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in like okay you know um my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go like you know um I mean into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so um so like I mean flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool well okay okay um is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you I mean I mean okay uh name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I mean well you know uh I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet like I mean um um stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you know like so well you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods you know so uh okay that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards um so I mean you know and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food well I mean uh um at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's uh like okay well episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different um okay you know uh hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So okay okay like um make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know uh like um I mean what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at okay um okay uh some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome okay so well you know. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg um okay I mean okay trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on uh like well well the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation well okay so so of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you okay I mean I mean well to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast um uh you know so form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee like so so you know podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on so okay like like weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you I mean I mean like well like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee okay uh um uh with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's you know um so like episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks uh like um like about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and um you know uh I mean sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what um like well you know you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on um um like um is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong you know uh uh okay about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe okay uh so well that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people well you know I mean so are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray like um okay okay areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome so okay I mean I mean open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant uh so um okay to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have you know so like um a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray you know you know uh I mean XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community well like okay like donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I you know so like I mean got a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper I mean you know I mean like. It's all right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we I mean uh I mean you know were just really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy you know okay well you know. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants um so you know so kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool so I mean uh you know Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy you know so I mean well is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, well um well um such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not okay I mean like okay reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion you know so um okay is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but without a okay you know you know um doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a you know well like okay walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well so uh so well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all um you know so so hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard you know um um like about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one okay like um so. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay so you know well um you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too okay well I mean I mean. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well uh so um Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some okay you know uh you know studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry um well I mean so you where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each you know well okay I mean one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 you know like like okay years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for like um uh well the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or well okay uh so whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today so um okay like I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering you know like like like opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird like um you know like weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a so okay okay I mean World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just uh like uh uh I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make so okay well so my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting like um you know well down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were you know um I mean like journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss well you know okay um in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres okay uh so you know Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking like I mean you know okay sports events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special you know like I mean you know listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 okay you know okay well minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in so okay so uh on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast thing well well um you know now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. There are okay uh so like various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive a special um I mean so okay newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part of a I mean like well um Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a look okay um I mean so at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being well I mean you know okay lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to you know you know you know so do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much um you know like you know like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see uh like well well but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what so well so I mean we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Noricom well I mean so like. Or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can you know uh um well find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a I mean well so you know while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going well well um like to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're so okay like you know defining flipping for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving so okay so I mean related item that's significantly marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation you know um well okay and now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave like like I mean so fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning okay I mean um uh. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest I mean uh okay um some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to I mean like um so talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I so uh like you know know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you so so okay well cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I I mean you know uh you know mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like so um well um fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a like you know okay so player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing than others so um I mean you know. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest you know okay uh well scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman so um okay I mean was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional um well I mean I mean staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was uh um so you know getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years I mean okay okay uh on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been um like um uh poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought um so okay I mean he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play so okay okay um nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had uh uh I mean uh I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of well uh like so the head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about so um so like me and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some okay so you know I mean awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her well um um um heart tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it so uh uh like was recorded. Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would uh um well like like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I like I mean you know like don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening um I mean I mean so right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you know like you know you know you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where um well uh um we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious okay well uh I mean and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on you know uh um okay the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we well like so well aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition okay well I mean well and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the like like so you know world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious like like um uh subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most fascinating uh okay like I mean True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short clips uh well um I mean from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like um like okay like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you uh well um I mean can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts like well okay well a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description I mean okay I mean um today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the so like so uh boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we like I mean you know okay we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like I mean uh so so you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but like I mean okay so what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's like um like okay actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location like um like you know just a block away for over four years going it to the University of like uh you know uh st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more you know well like okay voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast okay you know so uh to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes I mean okay so I mean. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one um I mean uh you know is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform well uh like you know. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me I mean like you know you know explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your uh um I mean so podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So well uh um okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually uh I mean um I mean make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like um um you know a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor like well you know so app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm you know you know well so Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this um well uh uh week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past like like uh well week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo well okay I mean um. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're I mean I mean I mean like going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting okay like well like them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit okay um you know well beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this so well you know like week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far so so I mean like as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring um so uh like a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let like I mean uh you know me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our I mean okay so uh main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry so um uh like the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to okay well uh um 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping okay um I mean um for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not you know um like uh suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's um I mean you know so a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode I mean like I mean uh 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a well you know I mean you know month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible okay uh so I mean. We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our well uh like uh episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be um uh well so editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? uh you know okay okay 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring okay like uh um water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing um well I mean so what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the so um like uh mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with I mean uh okay uh the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an uh um so so amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How um um you know so do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum uh okay uh like void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women you know well like so who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about the amazing I mean okay uh I mean app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app. I use you know okay I mean uh to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine you know you know well I mean who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I want I mean um okay you know to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I have no equipment I mean okay um you know. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our voices out here in well well uh I mean the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on a platform without so um like well spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know what to do you know so you know uh. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record so uh okay so and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your well so uh like podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and uh okay like okay you can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever I mean you know well I mean with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right okay uh you know okay now to just do it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know like you know um download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join I mean okay okay well us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab I mean okay okay you know your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to I mean I mean you know well Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and like um uh like only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you uh like um like. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to like like I mean uh podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe like well um like I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my I mean you know I mean uh dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you you know well uh well know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more so like you know I mean of me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need you know um um like to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, okay like like so this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some okay um like like point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think I mean you know you know you know is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one uh uh uh so of my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine well so uh uh during our time together. And so today we are going to be having a well okay I mean like conversation about her journey that led up to her and I working together where okay well um well she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that you can't like well so okay stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy so you know I mean uh cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch so well well well of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you well well um uh know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna um okay okay like see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with uh okay uh so a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that uh you know well I mean a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm Johan you know I mean well um and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess we're going uh okay um uh to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news and I so I mean you know like think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and I mean so so okay Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to I mean so so uh India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before we These I I mean um okay okay know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and we've tried I mean like so um to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want to hear like okay well um about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I so I mean like well think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin well okay um like Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest well okay I mean I mean to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having a well okay um okay leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you know I mean uh so so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires like um I mean okay you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out today's okay you know you know I mean message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are like um um well as a church and I just want to I just want to take well you know I mean um this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in okay uh okay like deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe um so like I mean we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit okay okay so um to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes so like okay well discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise you know so you know um Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night you know I mean okay so in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson I mean you know I mean like a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street you know okay um you know weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha you know okay okay you know from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She well okay I mean well found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm okay well well so talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national uh uh I mean like euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal euphonium so like you know so player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 you know I mean okay so choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the okay uh I mean I mean top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the like I mean okay I mean HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's you know well so well placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo okay you know okay uh competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has uh well so I mean 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with well okay I mean uh only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your you know so like so morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for I mean okay like okay debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia um so so I mean schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am you know okay like um joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines uh okay you know um is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take I mean you know you know uh sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm okay um I mean so not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like I mean you know I mean okay to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay well like okay Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy okay well um so guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I like um well well had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do um okay you know you know is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click well you know okay uh post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in well like okay uh all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I well uh uh well do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys you know you know so well. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message like you know like I mean if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the so I mean uh you know world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now like I mean like I mean my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the like um okay you know one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin I mean okay um uh is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk you know like so um about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by um you know um so selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk uh um um like to you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've okay um you know um asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed I mean so um you know my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts I mean so uh you know life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I mean I mean so well I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my well okay so um Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters okay well like uh kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell uh you know so like you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there you know like like okay. He said I want to tell you about something that I found out they if so well I mean so you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says like I mean like so it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was you know so uh so like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy um so well I mean hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've okay um okay so got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting you know okay you know okay scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and I mean um okay you know see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying um um like well The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do well um like okay this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and uh so uh like something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that uh so um I mean Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot you know so well you know but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any um okay so okay kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs well you know like okay 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to I mean so well well visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author um okay you know okay of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks okay uh well well of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She you know I mean like I mean really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and uh I mean um uh helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about uh I mean uh uh an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit um well okay okay card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help uh you know um like her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is um like well I mean full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money like you know like so is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we uh like I mean you know heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional I mean I mean um um career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road you know okay you know okay Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We okay um you know um all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host so okay um like Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor okay like you know well and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to um well well well do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to be okay um so um sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their uh you know okay so struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on uh um okay like sucked a lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and okay uh you know okay you kill cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not well okay uh so be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews I mean um I mean so or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess I mean I mean okay okay that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a so okay you know you know personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie uh I mean like like sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in like I mean okay okay the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the like you know you know I mean producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or so um you know I mean Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me I mean you know well um explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your you know um you know I mean podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you like well okay um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can so well like well make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you well like you know um need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo so like you know you know the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm well I mean so so so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom I mean so okay I mean expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about okay I mean like um how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in okay uh well so your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray well uh well so that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will so so um well be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John you know okay like you know 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved um so like okay You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my uh so um like love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I mean like I mean like I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that you know okay so you know your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other so you know I mean so as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's well I mean uh you know life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to uh well you know uh thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy you know okay you know you know this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast okay like um you know. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay so you know I mean right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you uh like well I mean can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also like so uh uh make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful well so well well podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's I mean okay I mean like up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one I mean like like um that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one I mean okay so like that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time you know well uh um in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I am uh like you know I mean use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing like uh like well good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly um well well um known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go you know okay okay I mean ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired so well so okay on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not uh um um like any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog you know uh so uh or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This well um um well is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do uh I mean well well leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's okay like I mean like get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius uh um um so of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks so so like I mean the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot I mean uh uh um be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you can um well uh uh love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously I mean uh well um said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and so well like okay transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay well you know I mean uh emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading okay like so um shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully like I mean well you know but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its um okay so uh inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to uh well uh well have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious so okay um um username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying uh I mean so well and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The you know uh you know you know Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments I mean so I mean okay. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain um you know so uh. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there uh um I mean okay will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College so so um like Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness well so okay like in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you like well okay um doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor you know so like like is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for so well I mean okay today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? um like uh well It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had like you know so uh a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in I mean uh so like college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came so I mean okay so about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern well you know um I mean but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the like well so like easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for like well well okay me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that like you know so you know allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You you know so like I mean may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made well um well like it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone so like uh so. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You so um I mean like can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel okay so um um reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis I mean uh um like of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse uh um okay uh 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was I mean like like um said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this so I mean uh I mean to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way so so you know well. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to you know um you know you know rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f so you know like so m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you you know okay uh so need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major you know uh you know like channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money you know like well um with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or like um well well go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with I mean like like well poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two well um you know so birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt like uh you know okay gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song like I mean um like by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when like uh well I mean polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers well like okay uh on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we so um you know um try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first like so okay okay of our two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after um I mean okay well dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her well um like uh mind and then encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible like so uh I mean for his death or did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear um uh um uh more about So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you um I mean um okay get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion so well like um is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may so you know so like find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one uh like so uh word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a so like I mean well podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available okay okay well I mean to you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or well well um I mean computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast okay okay uh you know too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only well well so so is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for like well you know uh you to make money talking about the things that you love with you know okay okay so no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to like uh like uh be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready well so I mean um for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show uh um uh uh. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's okay uh you know okay just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in the well okay so you know morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that okay um I mean I mean. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our I mean you know I mean okay little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first uh um I mean you know time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play so um well uh Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and uh you know I mean um give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever I mean okay uh okay you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for uh um like uh you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a like so so so 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty um you know um like thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before so um you know um we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute uh I mean uh I mean to talk to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman like you know so okay from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing I mean you know uh uh interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs like so so like to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can uh um you know well also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast uh you know like I mean host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but you know so I mean like if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest so okay you know well most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the so I mean okay okay podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow well like um uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes you know well I mean okay your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms okay well like you know and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a uh uh um well podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or um like uh um go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True uh so I mean okay Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor you know like you know you know Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know okay um okay I mean about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring like um like well and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to okay um um um work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August you know um well okay questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that like um uh uh stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under okay well I mean I mean our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to well you know so uh start with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list okay I mean um you know yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a um well I mean you know list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday I mean like uh like and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your I mean so well uh list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast so I mean well well. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through um you know you know so stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy. Thanks okay okay I mean so for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good friend okay I mean like um will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good to I mean okay I mean I mean have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just uh um okay uh going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what uh so well um that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me um like okay okay a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for uh well like um the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also like uh well I mean sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be um like like you know myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of well well you know well marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, I mean well um well so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the um so well you know key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella well I mean well I mean empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by so you know um I mean don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes I mean I mean like like fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this like um I mean um is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to the like I mean so so Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined by I mean um uh like anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said today um you know um uh the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of the like so uh I mean week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, um okay you know you know I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're like okay well okay your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you so you know you know um guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case okay um so so suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much I mean okay uh so for listening and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you know okay uh well you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive so you know well so In On November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in okay uh well well Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 am um well so well. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how um I mean um okay the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to I mean uh so so connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually be like um uh okay tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police uh so like I mean to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who um okay well I mean got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your well um you know um bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on um okay well well May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas uh okay okay okay Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let like I mean okay I mean me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so um you know uh. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools well I mean so you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and okay well uh well anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts like okay I mean so and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money well um like okay from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a uh so I mean well podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice okay well so um out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F you know okay uh um m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen okay well like so to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one I mean okay like so place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue so I mean I mean you know of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of like I mean so uh my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a um okay I mean you know good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, so okay okay you know except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some okay you know well okay like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, you know um um okay we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this uh okay you know you know. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about okay um um like anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um you know so well podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and okay so I mean so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast um like you know well for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more well I mean so uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's uh um well I mean everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or like well uh uh go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to so so so so love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen okay okay you know like to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to well um well well you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a like um uh so podcast hosting and distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is well okay like I mean. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will help so uh like um you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also has a lot so so uh uh of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone or a I mean okay um like computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one place um um I mean uh. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor or FM I mean okay uh like to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's you know um so well going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall. See um well okay okay if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and today is um so you know uh going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with us um like so I mean but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I sold like you know um you know myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came you know so so so up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got I mean well I mean uh. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally okay uh you know okay think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped um well uh okay cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him well uh so uh Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to like okay I mean like get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and uh uh well so racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and um I mean okay uh accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those um I mean well uh long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition like okay I mean um and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and you know like okay uh pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger well uh so okay and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook well I mean well uh Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of uh I mean so okay West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you well you know so like may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven so so um you know years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace I mean I mean like well Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you okay well like okay I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the you know uh like um reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to I mean I mean um okay disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or like um so you know maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking um I mean um you know six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of um like uh you know stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business owners looking so you know so so for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a better I mean uh uh okay way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? you know uh you know well I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because well I mean okay you know I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so uh uh uh uh much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, um so so like but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way um like like I mean into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at like okay I mean you know the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it. I uh okay like you know know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello. Hi. Hello I mean you know so like. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't eaten the so um you know uh sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title uh um okay so of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is interpreter translating um well like so right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are I mean um so like and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge you know so okay okay today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a so I mean I mean uh kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old I mean well like you know. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to so like uh like accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet um like like so player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of like okay so I mean Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a okay okay uh like supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and uh uh well I mean welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of I mean I mean well you know the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the uh so so well lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody uh I mean I mean I mean. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I I mean okay so you know could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to like okay like so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium you know well like like account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow like uh okay uh your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes okay um like so to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends like I mean I mean I mean on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download so okay okay okay the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the um so so like your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss um like okay um an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 um okay uh you know the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta um I mean so well of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric you know you know so uh traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations okay you know you know um are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in uh well uh I mean children less than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia well you know well well or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following so um I mean uh reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries so I mean okay uh or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in um like so uh pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, like um I mean so the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a like you know you know uh low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at lap uh I mean well well record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that so I mean like okay all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny uh well like uh was the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows you know okay like well on the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello everybody okay like I mean so and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you who okay uh well so don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major well um um well news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know how much so okay I mean uh time you've had to think about this but this is a new story that um well I mean like really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you have so um um um any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the I mean um well like new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually you know like uh you know did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was so you know um I mean and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most I mean well I mean um Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to like so okay so buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you I mean like uh uh you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys, um like okay you know this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear Johnny so you know so uh got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class okay okay well you know. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in talk uh you know well you know about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core values talks you know um I mean I mean about how important those are and how vital it is to know what your core values are uh um so you know so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give like well you know uh you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are uh uh uh um you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural History like uh like like. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline uh so well um why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty I mean I mean um you know badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't um well so you know know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has uh um uh well been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know I mean well um you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from you know so um I mean a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the so like so I mean SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here um uh okay uh with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the okay you know you know okay CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's I mean well so I mean great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of like I mean I mean so time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please okay so like so reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six you know I mean okay you know seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great okay uh so well car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or so so like uh family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it like okay okay I mean. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so uh uh well like happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy you know um so you know for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter okay uh well okay sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last uh well so um started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the uh okay uh I mean garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this uh so um okay you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been I mean well uh like like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a uh I mean so so month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one thing so like um okay. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I so I mean like uh could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard uh I mean so uh and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not like uh um so today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 um uh okay like our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We um um like you know thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload well well okay um we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of you know I mean uh like its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic that's you know okay like I mean on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add I mean like so like Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based so like I mean you know practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to you know like uh so teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development like I mean I mean like trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip well well I mean like Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section I mean okay uh okay or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film okay uh you know uh and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature okay um you know so me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict you know so you know you know back podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because like so uh you know I have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes uh you know I mean uh you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then you know I mean okay I mean we've got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us so so okay uh as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness you know like you know um theological and comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't uh okay well okay know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, well um like you know I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't so okay you know uh have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna like uh so you know podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds like like um um better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, okay like I mean well this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea you know you know okay um one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're I mean um well okay going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well um um uh okay try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the so like okay uh gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid well well like uh model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a okay well um you know financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the I mean okay so you know third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and so like um uh we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's I mean like okay I mean like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours well I mean okay you know for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five you know so so so and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared okay so like like to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's well uh well I mean a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity uh um I mean okay for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these like uh uh well fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla well uh okay so nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think so uh you know like is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling I mean you know um uh you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use okay okay I mean okay for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or you know okay okay I mean any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't well so you know okay just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and like like so you know to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one place and it well well like like is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I think this is episode 4 so so I mean so. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid so uh like okay. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter so so I mean I mean. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and you know um um you know how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies okay I mean um well when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one um I mean well uh. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion you know uh well like. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New like so uh so Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a I mean um okay well very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and okay um okay I mean all the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't I mean um um uh thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could um you know uh well do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of okay uh well uh the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips so I mean okay you know all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, okay like um so by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that uh well like like you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? you know well like well If so, look no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to I mean you know uh okay make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to like so so uh host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast uh I mean well like right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you okay uh you know so don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple I mean you know um I mean and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm I mean like um um your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast well like I mean you know in one place. You have something to say you want to get it out well uh so I mean. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app so um um okay on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to well like like like upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor uh so uh uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent okay um well I mean free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh you know I mean okay from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the you know well well okay rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast okay I mean well you know Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money okay like um so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast I mean well like um and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f you know I mean um like m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that I mean I mean um like allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My well so uh well name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most so you know um um of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and like so uh you know sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more okay I mean well well importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your uh um like uh boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee but um okay okay I mean like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica like so you know like covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z so uh well you know AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen um you know so I mean to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening so I mean uh I mean to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on you know like so you know good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka like like so I mean bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to well um like I mean for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down um I mean like I mean the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us well like like okay from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of so you know I mean so youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of like you know so so age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from I mean well you know you know history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or like so I mean I mean wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most like um I mean okay well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some um uh like like 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood like okay uh you know of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to okay uh um like even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much um like okay well about did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is you know okay like okay coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going like I mean so okay to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it I mean um like um kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast I mean okay uh so. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this I mean so uh well episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All uh okay so um right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have like you know well well a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol okay you know like like 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? I mean uh well I mean Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what you know I mean so okay would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are talking I mean you know you know um about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk uh well well um of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail from um okay like well a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to talk less uh well like uh about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe well um I mean okay economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get um okay so okay into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P you know well I mean well frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no um like you know so photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap so well uh like brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you you know uh uh well man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to well I mean so okay the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also well okay so like gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't okay okay uh well make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door - yeah, you gotta you know I mean well um be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not I mean like okay I mean awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind okay well so um goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew I mean so like like of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American like uh you know okay factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of you know okay I mean you know literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets well um you know um it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with so so you know well me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really uh um I mean I mean good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host so I mean I mean like. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology uh well okay well. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that so well like you know care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join I mean okay okay okay us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques uh okay okay um for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy uh so so I mean looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their um um well okay biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich so well I mean uh full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to well I mean well you know find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards you know well so okay areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed you know okay well okay up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help I mean um like well conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of so so uh like holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind I mean so well okay and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant and self-care um um okay like Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through like uh uh like storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic you know like like so behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time like like okay so favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the you know okay so um only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags uh uh I mean I mean. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of you know um like like DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got like you know I mean like family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome you know uh you know like. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a like so um like conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like um you know uh you know talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk so okay you know so real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to uh well uh so do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the well I mean I mean you know whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay um so I mean so. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just so you know okay um just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like I mean okay well well you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going so so um you know to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see well um um well here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that uh uh um um now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind of okay you know well I mean thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since moved okay okay I mean you know away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but it well um you know well was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several years studying so you know um like herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her and she has like well I mean so spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share some of her knowledge I mean you know so okay of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to apologize that I mean well I mean like I have not figured out yet, which I need to do before I do this uh you know you know so again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you okay okay um okay are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are um uh okay like your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo uh okay okay I mean. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow you know okay I mean I mean and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the you know like I mean like freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want I mean you know I mean so to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City uh I mean well I mean at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit you know you know I mean okay Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store. I've okay like um I mean always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today uh like I mean you know on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay okay like you know you know to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the well okay you know like intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I well you know uh well think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards uh okay um uh Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I so okay like so am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about uh um so okay the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, um I mean like um I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing you know uh um you know. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the um uh like uh woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours so you know like uh just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they so well um well take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for you know I mean I mean like two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that you know well well um Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time okay like um um. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be so well like you know good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work I mean like okay like backwards and like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about uh I mean I mean well the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most well okay okay well notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the you know okay I mean I mean most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short like um you know well clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, you know so so okay like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really you know you know uh okay is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you like uh I mean well listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description um I mean well okay today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with well like so well an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few um well uh I mean weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of I mean well like I mean right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the um like like I mean virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected uh so like well and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the um so well you know World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines okay so um well saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide well okay like um. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based well um uh um on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going I mean like I mean so wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them you know you know like like to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career you know you know well you know showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, like like um uh my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for so um um like this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel um I mean um so. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm okay like well uh Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and I mean so uh I mean good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel so so so well. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi you know I mean okay like. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure uh so okay okay as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for uh so like you know you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the like well well you know ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on like uh um so the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday like um okay I mean Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with well I mean well like us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with um um well um the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of well so uh um the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you know so well you know you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of uh I mean well I mean the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned like well like uh there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others okay like like so for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of you know uh okay I mean a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would uh uh you know um grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on I mean so okay uh death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who like okay you know so is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted um um okay I mean a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the reason so I mean I mean well you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their okay I mean um um Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even uh you know you know so more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the so um well uh cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you know you know um you know you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current okay so okay well partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or well uh like I mean out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us you know okay well I mean go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below well um you know um. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / okay okay uh okay Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who you know you know okay okay dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your okay so so I mean forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details you know you know you know you know may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle I mean like like well School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go well uh um so into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the like you know okay like new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again like um well well is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, I mean okay like okay Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm here with like well so so my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the first episode okay so I mean well of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the basic structure uh I mean like okay. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to see so so like uh and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the creative you know like like um like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about like well so you know what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also uh like well well the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this podcast okay like so I mean as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check us out uh like uh like every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about well like okay like gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety well okay um okay dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen you know well so uh since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go like uh so um beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record well um so so high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until um okay well well now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those okay okay well I mean sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges I mean um okay I mean a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough I mean so uh like experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go so uh okay like along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? um uh uh um Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, okay okay you know like I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do um I mean so so it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much you know well so okay so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My so um so well name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say you know so well like the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on like well um like you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah you know you know okay I mean. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We uh uh well you know don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering I mean you know uh okay when the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought I mean well um uh it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show uh you know okay I mean for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new so um so you know market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on uh well like I mean this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so like well well uh money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd I mean uh um so say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at um so like so five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can uh uh well okay probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome okay so so so. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not um okay well uh like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see okay so okay like ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this I mean you know um you know is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes I mean like well like five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines so like okay well week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on so like uh I mean the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the molars uh you know I mean like in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover um okay so I mean DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was so you know so okay Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew up in you know you know you know well London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught women well okay so okay about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this well uh I mean I mean is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope like so um you know this inspires you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God okay you know I mean I mean is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I I mean okay you know um am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is okay so uh well 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God well you know so I mean bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon like I mean uh you know will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord showed okay like um okay up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast. I well well uh so am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community of well well so you know artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for us like I mean okay okay to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the subtitle so uh you know like for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are originally um so uh okay stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those you know um like um as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at uh okay I mean you know youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do okay like well well and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I like well you know you know wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way you know um well so possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are like uh so you know actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record so so I mean uh each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet I mean okay like you know a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as you know uh okay I mean I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record so you know well I mean host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell so so I mean you know phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no you know okay so okay minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be you know I mean like uh serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all so so so well know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest like well so um way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in so um um well one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you so you know um uh can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation like okay like okay tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also so well well uh will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family you know you know you know well like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many um I mean well uh more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no I mean like so uh minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond well you know um I mean farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy like okay uh I mean Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me so well okay like. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she um um you know so wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks podcast um well well okay. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I am here well well you know uh. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go back to the you know you know okay well beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was a good like um you know okay stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was some uh okay um like closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development I mean so I mean okay goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to um you know okay like take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast like I mean I mean I mean. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build I mean um you know like it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years later like um well like and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually plan um like well so something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for so um like you know object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia you know well you know okay in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the okay okay uh you know water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our so you know I mean okay show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was so I mean I mean okay in a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and like okay um um I had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it uh well I mean like was in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening well you know uh you know to you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started so you know I mean you know a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the like uh so you know ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my I mean um I mean you know life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything well so okay so I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more well you know like okay than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever so uh so okay asked for us in a way that I did ask for saying that you know well you know I mean it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that like um okay okay you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t well you know well okay have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because okay uh um I mean we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we you know like you know like walking apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask um um so so that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it uh okay uh so. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we well uh um okay weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of I mean uh well so us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of okay I mean um well idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your like uh you know like host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina is available like um well um those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can work okay uh like uh towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We you know I mean well like have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler like uh okay okay had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you I mean so um so seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I like um so uh think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and uh so you know okay a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is well well well uh dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob I mean uh well I mean. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you so so uh I mean are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right I mean um you know um before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, we um so so I mean got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new uh well um I mean episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys well like okay you know today. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to you know uh so so be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in um like well uh a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk okay well like um a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to um you know okay like be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples like I mean okay like Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the you know um okay like Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the so I mean so I mean infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about you know well you know well anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a you know okay so okay good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you know you know uh like you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can okay um well so record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound um you know um so as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have I mean uh so um recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it uh so so like can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You so like okay well can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor you know okay well you know right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- you know uh like well right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would um like I mean I mean be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime well I mean um I mean. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a okay so like you know husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile well well so okay bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as so okay I mean okay she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she well you know I mean you know squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view well like um I mean German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was well I mean okay I mean the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and so so like so night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little like I mean you know okay circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today you know um like I mean we're talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble like uh um um Nene. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're okay okay you know like called the palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and like um so like tricking Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of like um you know like the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was so so like like the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's the you know you know I mean okay Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are so well like well going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this uh so you know so is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and like I mean well um it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to like like well you know be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? you know uh like um Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega so well well like excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell um okay well like us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City um okay so well way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a so uh okay I mean ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the so um um uh juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to uh okay okay um be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how uh okay okay okay we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f well like uh uh m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms uh well well um. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a well okay you know like computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started um uh uh so. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get so uh well um the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save I mean um I mean so 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film well uh I mean um podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of I mean okay well like the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office uh I mean like um is right now and every time he needs to make a change she so okay um like has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't I mean I mean um uh listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary okay uh okay I mean sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how I mean uh so you know y'all record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system uh uh I mean okay inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start I mean like uh um recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do uh like you know um need to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you so like okay like know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh so so okay um ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will um you know I mean you know talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your um well uh well host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt uh you know so okay and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode uh uh um um of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well okay well um well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good um so I mean uh to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think like uh well uh the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let so okay you know um me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically you know like so you know it did start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord um um I mean um server bunch of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should you know I mean you know so do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you I mean um well okay follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if I mean well um okay you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen I mean you know uh okay to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and um you know well uh also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so uh uh um so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h well so well I mean or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it uh I mean I mean so with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular I mean um um so Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had uh well so well some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of uh you know you know you know which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the uh I mean like so past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig well uh you know uh here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank okay uh like so account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few okay um uh uh reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds well so um I mean of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it you know okay you know like hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let uh I mean I mean well out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination okay so well okay. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after um um you know okay a heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory uh you know okay so that takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about a I mean like I mean okay few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and earlier I mean well like uh this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting I mean so so uh the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's I mean um you know uh simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I okay okay like okay know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And okay um um you know so there are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it you know I mean you know so. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want um so uh okay you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that okay okay uh um you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the well like I mean I mean first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a you know like I mean well podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you um uh okay like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would I mean like well okay distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and uh like so well many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well um so well you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to you know okay I mean well Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of uh uh like uh 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th so like um I mean podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century well I mean so so BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits I mean I mean uh um of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and I mean I mean uh so want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par so I mean uh I mean cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like well so well so medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and like I mean so like anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, well so well like Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a okay you know uh I mean thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think like uh well you know hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here uh uh you know uh with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking about um uh um um Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has been showing well well so okay up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and it's um I mean well you know gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a lot so okay well I mean of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams like I mean so okay you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so a well you know like you know song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? like well so uh So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast um um okay uh dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the so um uh like second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still uh um well well trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with like you know I mean well the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections so you know like um that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show okay okay so like. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I like I mean so okay then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic like you know um so building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing you know um okay uh how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have okay like uh you know a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses so like okay uh primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll well I mean you know well probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the so okay you know like shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today okay you know I mean you know and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development well you know you know I mean productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting you know you know so well to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of okay I mean like like hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of okay uh well well the one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read uh uh I mean um narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to you know um I mean uh give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour well you know so uh. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your uh like okay so plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you like okay you know um feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a you know you know so okay Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about um okay okay uh six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting I mean uh okay so on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice so uh um you know a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet well you know um so that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat you know um like uh had floated out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching um you know like you know the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against I mean uh um so the current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on so I mean I mean uh it. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down I mean you know uh like again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner well well like okay of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy I mean I mean like okay. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are okay you know uh uh obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this um uh you know so moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like hand uh well so okay in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, it's like um like so like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two of us so uh well I mean. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us um okay um well like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives. I love you know okay like you know that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how uh okay like okay they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes um um um so that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth you know so okay okay girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of my well well you know I mean favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a so well um like feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are okay well well like recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift like so uh uh through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high like I mean um uh intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast like okay like well. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember um you know like well if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send okay so uh uh us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks so uh uh uh. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water you know well um so went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round okay okay I mean okay again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you so you know you know um about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's um you know I mean okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh okay um uh phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and okay okay well okay anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean um you know uh podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest okay I mean well I mean here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name is Katherine um uh I mean like. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with well you know you know okay me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could but um uh um like I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally um well okay um say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just like okay um uh For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But um like okay I mean yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I like I mean I mean you know think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And so I mean like you know I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo uh well okay so cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers uh okay okay okay and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for you know like uh well you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week including um well I mean uh a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're like I mean I mean okay going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in the um I mean so I mean meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I well you know okay so also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he hates uh well like so horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's um you know so like the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons you know well I mean okay that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through well so uh um the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make well um well so fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly I mean uh okay you know. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on you know okay you know um Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know uh okay okay me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that well uh you know uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will well I mean okay you know distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify okay I mean um you know Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no like so like well minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download um so okay I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get like so so uh started today. Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a well um you know I mean lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet well so you know I mean name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on okay you know well okay Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest well um so okay I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and you know uh well like in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting so so you know well race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we uh you know uh uh have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after like uh okay okay that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I mean so uh like I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week you know well you know uh. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam like well okay so for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home like okay uh like free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we you know uh um you know had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say um um well like it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like you know well you know I mean the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm I mean I mean like like out of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't okay so I mean um know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys uh so um um quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and so uh you know um podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium so so so you know account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a so okay okay like little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never uh well okay um miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends I mean so well so on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline okay so so um wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The um um you know uh apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done I mean like um uh so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in I mean um like like the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never so like um uh miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode okay so so so. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we well uh um uh take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey so like um uh Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so okay I mean I mean well far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since last week I mean well I mean well. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax that can't read you know um well so that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't think they um I mean uh um want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did go to well uh uh I mean Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got to so I mean okay uh see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had some good beer you know so you know like. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV so well I mean you know talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show I mean like you know well and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good like like like so season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since well well you know okay season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do you know well so like this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love you know I mean I mean I mean. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover you know uh so you know could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school you know okay well you know. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your I mean so like uh news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel um like I mean so like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around okay like um uh for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a well okay um um podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and you know um okay you know distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do all you know well well I mean of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the um uh I mean well big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that you well like you know um need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need to do um well like you know. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F well so uh um m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out and I mean like well so get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental I mean okay okay so Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So uh well so I mean for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original you know I mean okay okay old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one uh um like uh. It was one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first so you know well okay ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when so like okay well I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence so so well uh seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk so so uh uh to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and like well uh like discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time like um you know you know what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today um uh okay like. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's you know you know you know so grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen um I mean um like for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in okay I mean well so our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just um uh well like acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're so you know okay so going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving okay well um well and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the I mean you know like you know Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind I mean okay okay okay of join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive to Spotify um so you know like. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores what um you know okay I mean happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast during you know um I mean uh the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively on well I mean uh you know Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on well you know I mean I mean the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary you know um so like footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not uh I mean like I mean best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm uh so uh so Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about well so like so how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was I mean you know you know I mean telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it you know uh I mean um feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time uh um I mean I mean with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other okay like um uh week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you I mean well well okay really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt uh so like well already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's so um okay well spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on my so I mean uh I mean jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same scanning like uh you know so that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I okay um I mean okay just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this well um so I mean episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start like so uh like brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a um okay you know um little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk so uh um like about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who okay like I mean I mean overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor okay okay um well family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because okay so okay you know she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when I mean uh well uh she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her um so so well mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try I mean okay uh I mean to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on I mean well uh like in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast okay um uh I mean is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real um I mean uh um being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the so um well well opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow you know well so uh through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that so so um well in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are like I mean I mean like up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights um you know um so reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand I mean okay uh you know. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a um okay you know uh Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, well you know I mean well we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it okay so I mean well just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and I mean um you know uh ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at you know I mean okay like home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year uh uh uh like from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's you know um so okay great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, um okay um you know I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast back uh I mean like I mean on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this okay so uh you know really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give uh so so you know away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like so uh so I mean don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple uh like you know okay weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're I mean so so well going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to uh okay uh like the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page um uh uh like and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD okay like like you know products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want like so you know okay to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something you know okay uh I mean specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love I mean so uh uh you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is I mean like okay uh dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support you know I mean like so people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and well so like okay Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits uh well you know you know of a sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for I mean so I mean uh anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am like I mean so you know pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh well uh like me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and um like you know I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your uh okay okay okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many uh like so uh more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's I mean so I mean um everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I like so um you know remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was well okay uh well fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had I mean you know like well face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series you know um like so and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to talk like you know I mean like a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most importantly like you know I mean um. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about I mean you know uh like it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not okay like like so just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made so so like so me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately um you know I mean well got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment well you know um so to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby um okay okay okay Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a okay well um like less common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've um uh uh I mean learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table well well you know well. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give well well uh well a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say I mean um I mean okay hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and um you know uh um I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen okay you know so you know. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, so so you know I mean Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever um okay okay I mean. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere I mean uh okay like get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back you know like well well to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some well okay okay uh pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped I mean well um well. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not I mean you know I mean uh real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other uh I mean you know I mean things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll I mean I mean uh I mean talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between a um you know like uh goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? so like uh uh We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you um I mean okay you know talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came um I mean um uh up with one more thing about what we came up with what we what we well so well so have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the okay uh okay I mean anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to like uh uh like make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use well so like uh anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct um well um so. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's so like like uh creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone uh uh um okay your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you know like um so don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and you know you know like well many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making well you know uh so more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and well you know like uh I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your like uh um you know spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student uh you know um uh of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive you know so like well person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow like uh like okay on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be so uh well so doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart well I mean well I mean to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first well um okay like shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, like like uh um except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live like uh you know so to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode you know okay uh well. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just um okay uh so gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us so like well um - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of so like I mean uh the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, okay okay you know okay welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the you know um okay well entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring I mean uh uh you know spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted okay okay so um by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back I mean um I mean um to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot um um okay well of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament well I mean you know like work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun like I mean okay okay start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the uh like okay well same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of uh like well you know the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want uh so okay well to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against like okay so okay last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more well well I mean like on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here so like so so with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good okay like well I mean. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked um um like like. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So well uh well well this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, okay okay uh so yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right okay well you know you know. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over I mean like you know so the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good you know like um okay moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah like so well so. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of you know like uh like felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who um you know you know um I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here so like uh so. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, you know so um okay what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what okay I mean um you know links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing um well so well I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor well like well like app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In like okay so uh this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I well uh um well am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's um I mean uh I mean story time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be well well well like sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you I mean so so okay feel compelled to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to um uh uh you know stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what well um um okay you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're like like I mean so going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a like you know like well supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 you know like uh well Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 to uh I mean you know I mean 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be okay I mean like um riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a okay so I mean like stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably um so okay well the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as um well okay I mean two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking uh like um uh very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've I mean you know like I mean gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this I mean I mean um okay season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum like you know I mean okay bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got I mean so um okay a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi okay I mean you know so strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll uh I mean well so has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think okay you know uh okay is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that well well okay like could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're uh uh well so going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season like well well like coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit okay okay okay like. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose uh um so uh had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on uh so uh um Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva so okay like I mean. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing so well so you know show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the um I mean well okay inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this week. We've you know well I mean you know talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the like um okay so woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country in I mean okay you know uh Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong like you know uh like Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change well you know so okay. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going so uh so okay to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of uh so you know you know the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the so I mean so like conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it so uh you know you know to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now well well I mean okay in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already uh okay you know um like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome well uh like um back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch I mean well okay well of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we okay so uh like got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country um I mean well I mean. If you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good okay um like well friends in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, um uh uh okay and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam I mean uh okay okay calls obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I well okay uh you know got my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with so you know um I mean us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff I mean um so you know to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's well like well I mean not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, uh uh um you know but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is well okay okay um even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where okay so like so the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first well uh okay so we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a uh okay well like half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a little um um like um odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had just um I mean so like about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire hazard looking back um like well okay at it but us being students not our number one problem and really it was like you know you know like just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current objects of pleasure so like uh um. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for the radio okay I mean okay so. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like like well okay so our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State like uh uh uh. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the like um um well top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're um okay um you know going back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch okay I mean okay you know and charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more um so okay you know shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special so um you know um. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on I mean well you know uh September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed you know uh I mean um with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about okay um well well the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also so um uh um quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it so uh I mean so and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first well um I mean you know question I have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out okay you know so you know of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however uh okay so um physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid you know uh you know uh. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing okay okay so um mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing okay well I mean like something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today I mean okay I mean so in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian okay like um well writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy like um uh like Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and so so well okay there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he I mean uh I mean so brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today okay like um um you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where okay I mean like so I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to okay so like well get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything like well so like that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you through today, you know like like you know whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so 2% back so so okay you know yourself and know that today is your day. This is your everyday positivity. My so so I mean uh name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with you well you know I mean you know tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You you know uh like you know got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, like okay like well please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining so you know okay I mean today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you um you know I mean like choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully so okay um uh I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's like you know you know uh episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow um like well you know Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed uh so I mean like on social media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this uh uh you know okay guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I so so like like was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is like I mean like well crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He you know okay so um is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg okay I mean uh so. And today we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei you know um you know like of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally so so well uh where we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think I mean I mean uh okay yes, and we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going you know I mean you know well. Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? I mean like okay so Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying you know um like well to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this well okay uh you know podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for um uh well um one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little okay I mean so like off and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're well uh you know like probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said uh like okay uh it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is okay uh um like a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed uh so well like to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like uh so uh uh something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the well like um so filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's okay um you know so cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what okay I mean um okay your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just so you know like well because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's um well you know like up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I okay so uh like like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children okay okay okay uh and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create um like so well peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer you know well I mean you know writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am so well so okay terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 um you know so um & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information I mean um I mean so for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a you know like I mean um high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's like like I mean so guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team of talented um so I mean well creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting at Ogilvy and you know okay you know I mean Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York and then joining uh uh well so Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around like so I mean uh good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version final okay uh well you know here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they became I mean well I mean well interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into well like uh okay the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was um you know so uh really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a horse girl okay I mean I mean you know. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger the so okay um you know icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello uh I mean like uh and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this like uh so I mean week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or I mean you know you know I mean are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How you know um you know uh was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very well uh well so different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much well um like um I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting um well so uh and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of uh um okay well live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you listen to like so okay well them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move on like okay okay so or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I I mean I mean so you know feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and that's so like um I mean pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try um well well okay to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make you know I mean well you know life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and you know so well um shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain well um uh so streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the well like like um money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining okay I mean uh so us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? uh I mean you know so Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast okay well well um. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about you know okay well I mean Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors well I mean so okay in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the uh like I mean so series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage I mean uh okay um that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday okay so um well. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want well um um okay to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is doing uh well uh so and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's you know so I mean um why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting okay okay I mean like off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast okay like like I mean. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So um okay okay uh they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to um like well so start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different you know I mean well you know vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me like so so so. If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an uh like um you know article on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of like uh uh I mean Bitcoin as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the I mean like I mean um read and then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin like like okay like is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is I mean um okay okay a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're I mean um I mean uh here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo you know I mean I mean okay for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew I mean so like so Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC like um you know um Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that uh like so um you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play I mean well like well that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be um so uh well a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly I mean I mean uh you know because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang so well you know uh today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut okay uh like like the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a um like um I mean material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman uh well so uh Powell basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being okay I mean like I mean taken to contain. It will surely way on economic activity both in the okay you know okay uh US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc um I mean like I mean meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being cornered in to a like well you know like 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains is where will the FED okay I mean well um go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt um um uh okay to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall well well I mean so Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today like okay I mean okay. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I uh you know well I mean put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have okay you know I mean you know no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They you know uh so you know are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied so you know you know um that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will uh um like um not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion uh you know uh you know of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are um like uh well Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The um okay um okay Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner okay well uh um. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm uh uh um uh not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's I mean well well well okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've like I mean well uh got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the um so you know okay way from Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for okay like like okay having me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good well uh uh so when you can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you okay I mean I mean okay go you go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him I mean you know uh okay a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark well okay like you know there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person uh so so so suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or like like okay so series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying well like uh like causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They um uh um like had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, I mean well like I mean but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to you know you know like you know it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out of the you know so well you know cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give I mean um um um a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening uh um uh you know to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start like okay like um a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off like like well you know the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions like uh so um. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show you know uh well I mean into like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make you know well you know so money from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple um uh um so anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing uh you know you know um your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's uh I mean uh uh 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the okay I mean uh um app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's well you know um okay creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your I mean okay so well phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and like so I mean okay many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money um you know okay um from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta like so um um grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do all well uh so okay one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store I mean um um uh anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo like uh like you know yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast well so uh I mean Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing I mean well okay like man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how you know um uh like we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot I mean okay uh you know f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms okay like so like. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or uh so so you know a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to so like okay so get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt well you know I mean you know get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig so you know okay I mean order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with you know okay I mean uh your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be well well okay you know talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more so so like so about this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant okay so okay so energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your like okay you know you know life. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and you know so um I mean how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit uh okay like like of a myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent okay so I mean well of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man well uh okay I mean can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You okay well so um know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this partner you know uh uh so he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is well well well like all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires okay I mean I mean um me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you two I mean you know okay um will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you like okay um I mean. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful okay well uh okay office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah like uh um um or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's well well uh you know fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony so well um okay. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the um I mean you know um guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber um like uh well joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just so you know well so getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying I mean uh um okay to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right well like you know like direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the um I mean uh so mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night I mean okay um I mean and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it I mean like um uh out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so uh okay like so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure I mean uh you know well you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of so uh you know okay things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well so well uh so. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going I mean so um like to upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What so okay okay um is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so um okay I mean I mean well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? like you know uh like Yeah. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways uh you know um you know to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you um like you know like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow I mean well uh um. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does so well well like it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor so okay like you know anchor will distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and uh I mean uh okay a bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post you know well okay uh it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, well so you know okay you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can I mean well you know well make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So so like so uh what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast in like um so okay one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean you know so okay me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record so uh so so and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your so like okay uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so like uh you know more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you okay okay uh you know need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last okay you know you know like year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first okay well well well experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told so like you know well him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date I mean well okay well approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the I mean uh so you know two parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was you know I mean I mean okay still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for so like uh like divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be like uh I mean uh explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more um uh uh like masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is well I mean well so such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their um so you know okay Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of you know you know like I mean what they would like and as a man this is important to your success like so like I mean. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want to so okay um you know become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general well um I mean okay can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the like you know I mean well deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot you know so like like sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very you know well I mean uh well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so okay you know okay like grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza so I mean okay I mean featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in so okay you know um the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit um okay okay okay lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does well I mean okay I mean. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect I mean like okay I mean to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill like I mean you know um krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome okay so so I mean guest but we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew um so uh like was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that um so okay okay go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want like like uh uh to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down like you know well I mean. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got um uh uh you know our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, um like so uh so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you I mean you know I mean okay there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die uh well um I mean of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man um okay uh uh was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this like I mean so like man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison well you know I mean um and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but uh I mean you know you know your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder okay um uh like. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in so you know like so Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here uh I mean you know okay at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something so um so you know special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they well so well you know want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull so like you know um a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going uh you know uh uh to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the like I mean uh uh meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest like um I mean okay and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This like I mean I mean like individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So like I mean um so you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of I mean well um um wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor uh so okay you know of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you I mean you know okay well through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film was um I mean so so 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they voluntarily I mean like um so undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for some I mean so well um lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay so like well me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit well you know um I mean your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for well okay like uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can I mean like like so make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to well well uh uh make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the well um I mean I mean FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth um I mean like you know with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, I mean um uh well maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled like I mean so uh with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we like um like um think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms uh so um um visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is you know well like well is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening um so you know um goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional I mean I mean I mean okay comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on Instagram so um well I mean at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with I mean like I mean um mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V uh I mean I mean well. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the well you know like like jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's okay um you know you know happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we uh well um okay in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for so you know uh okay a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually uh okay I mean uh. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community okay I mean so well. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We well uh you know um do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can um I mean I mean well only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means uh um um well you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain like okay well so sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous like okay like you know Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends you know well you know well check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes I mean well I mean well of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic I mean um well well nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal uh I mean so okay cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't so I mean you know um believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this is uh um um like understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We I mean okay well well reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well I mean okay well um as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it you know okay okay I mean would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income like you know you know uh bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half well um uh uh thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking I mean um okay uh to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you uh I mean like so very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by okay uh uh so the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be um um uh so about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments so okay I mean so account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about okay I mean okay okay blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I mean okay um um I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was uh so well you know only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do so you know so um before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that um you know you know like. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to uh well uh well I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the um I mean well I mean top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 I mean um I mean um when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off so well like um gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from well like so like history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free I mean uh you know so on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer like uh you know like sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the you know like well okay Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr well well I mean you know. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the okay okay uh uh founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome I mean uh well um anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we uh well like uh share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing so okay um okay with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like okay well um uh sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears well um well well and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full so okay so like and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce I mean okay like um what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their like um like like stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this like well um uh Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know okay you know uh you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte you know uh um I mean did not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even you know I mean um I mean talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing okay you know well I mean from a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out so like you know well cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm okay I mean uh like. So why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you I mean so I mean like are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the you know so like uh app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first well uh well I mean got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's you know uh well like an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool I mean like so you know that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I mean um uh I mean. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be so so well like heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to so okay uh well Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can you know um well um make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you know uh so like you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get uh well okay I mean started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app well um like well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so uh well you know uh excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale I mean so um um. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder okay um well okay song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it uh you know uh you know did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of so I mean so I mean all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first well um uh you know of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've I mean I mean well I mean got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and uh well like like He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the um I mean uh I mean message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the love so I mean okay well back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get you you know uh I mean well to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life uh like you know I mean and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost well well um you know the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making uh so I mean so books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because um well uh uh we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those I mean uh uh I mean life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they you know so uh okay made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking well so like so to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need you know you know I mean well more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital you know so you know uh and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything um well so um from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so I mean so so. Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but okay well I mean like not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with like um I mean well. There's no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it you know you know uh well works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no um I mean you know okay money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go like um um um with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh you know uh like from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast I mean uh um you know for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and uh I mean well okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found um well you know uh that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast okay like like you know in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to uh like okay I mean an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were um um like okay young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I uh okay uh you know wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the like you know um uh show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with I mean well uh you know a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real okay uh well uh life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was like you know you know well super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk so well I mean so about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking well I mean uh um to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology I mean uh um um and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you you know I mean so okay have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your like uh I mean you know professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from uh um so you know people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for you know uh um um us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So so I mean so I mean here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for uh uh uh you know 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am well so uh okay but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their well well I mean so families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor you know like like like five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson uh uh so you know by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports okay so I mean so car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all I mean okay you know okay love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have well you know um I mean some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and I mean um like like there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to okay you know you know you know tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name so okay like I mean is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful you know like so I mean guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all you know I mean uh so things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing well like so I mean today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I well well like uh should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I okay okay well um began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to uh so um uh do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so I mean so um well much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all uh um I mean so about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me I mean well um so. Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at well like so um doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I well okay you know like can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release for um like well well me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography so so so uh and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to you know you know so uh the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in so like well I mean the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training uh so so well gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as um you know um okay possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the so okay I mean you know work out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics uh like so so or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what um uh okay so that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you okay you know um well listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right uh um um uh let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you I mean uh okay okay teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or uh I mean uh uh little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based I mean I mean like like regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our bodies and I mean um so uh the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in hell like you know okay you know. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s um like okay well how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both farmers um so you know uh and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe I mean I mean I mean okay has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier I mean well so like and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives I mean like um I mean and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you you know you know okay okay a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts okay um so you know. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation um I mean well um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like you know uh like your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify well uh you know um Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your like like okay uh podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that um um so like you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and um uh well well accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to I mean uh I mean so Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest I mean okay like so way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast like um like like. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 well you know um so minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes I mean so uh I mean. Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next well so so so few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some uh you know like like inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from so I mean well so the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God I mean so uh okay for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to uh I mean I mean well orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have so okay okay I mean freedom and privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one so I mean well well to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a uh well um so podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record like um okay I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your okay you know you know uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many well well so you know more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is you know uh um um everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good well uh so uh Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth so I mean so I mean talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just you know okay I mean I mean money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth you know you know you know uh is not just about how much money you have in your bank account well okay okay you know. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is Kiran okay I mean you know um Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about something uh well like okay that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on well uh well um this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have you so okay so so watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it okay you know I mean well was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so we okay like I mean um should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip like so uh well or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, okay like like like I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just so uh well um don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're uh like you know like all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from so I mean okay like modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st you know okay uh you know. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes so uh um um. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy I mean so um like lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super well well so okay special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe so like well so a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh I mean I mean you know um for sure for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually you know well so like have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so you know so well so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk you know you know well I mean all things lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from uh um uh um what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a um like so you know little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we uh uh so so hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles um okay like you know and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is you know like like you know Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to I mean uh like I mean understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical um okay uh okay transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also uh um uh like having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie um you know okay you know householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and um well so so she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode um well uh um. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness so like so I mean. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well is I mean you know you know well a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's you know uh okay well everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop like you know well uh doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, um you know okay you know guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the you know so you know uh what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's like uh okay I mean because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've you know I mean like um Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's I mean well I mean like wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm um okay well I mean Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for so I mean you know so estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective. We're like um so like diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in so like like uh separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment well okay like like room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm uh uh well um Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We well you know I mean well would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering um uh um like the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today uh like you know well we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama okay okay um well Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter like uh I mean I mean Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled uh well so uh. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on okay I mean you know um America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have for like I mean you know um you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This uh um well uh episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video so uh like well as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so well well like you know as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry well so I mean so because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a like so so so music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I like you know like well think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all well like so you know the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking uh so you know like about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create like so well well and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in okay okay I mean um a music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get okay like okay okay to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to well I mean um well for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream uh well like I mean cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading like you know okay you know on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only okay um um well subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this so so um okay since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my okay like so um name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger I mean you know I mean uh Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is like okay you know you know Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random so you know well like holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has so like um um thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what you know you know okay you know I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting um okay so okay your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called I mean I mean okay so anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation um like well like tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so um well like your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard uh um so well on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast um uh uh um with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one well so so well place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type so okay uh uh in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl like I mean okay um lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagramcom like I mean well uh. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney I mean well you know um plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by uh uh um I mean at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green well so um you know and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was uh I mean um you know circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly you know like well well what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be um you know well like seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of uh I mean okay I mean loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite I mean um I mean well a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like so like like like we're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might uh um so I mean see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us you know um well like know what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to like okay so I mean hit that like button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more okay you know I mean I mean in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the okay so you know well popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing you know uh you know so on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around each um well you know like to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic women who I mean you know well you know changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois I mean uh you know okay. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom I mean okay I mean okay and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches like uh um like but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on you know um uh uh and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up uh well uh uh. Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying well like uh so to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night I mean uh like so and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are well so I mean like. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, well okay you know like but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're um um like so our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to okay well you know so all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, well well uh well I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in uh uh well so a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a uh like okay you know cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear well I mean I mean well and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series you know like um so today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in you know like I mean so True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, like so well I mean March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college I mean like well um student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby so you know I mean okay after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been um so uh like going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas like so so you know then we're gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy okay well uh so way and we have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy uh so um you know he is busy and then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be well well uh so arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in you know um well so the mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing uh I mean you know you know is though a lot of people have been saying to us like when uh like like so you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get okay you know um you know a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is so uh you know um what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter uh uh well you know is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going so um uh uh on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some um you know I mean um more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season so um you know you know. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just well so okay well tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so uh I mean well well off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we like like I mean like get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want well um uh um to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast like you know I mean uh a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with well like like I mean. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not you know well you know I mean lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed day um okay um I mean by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of well like I mean well Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that are seeing but uh you know okay well to the things that are unseen for the things that are seen are transient, but well so uh so the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor um you know I mean you know if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first I mean uh uh like off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money um so um I mean. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from so so I mean you know your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been well okay I mean like completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can um like um um be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. This okay you know I mean uh one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from so um uh well your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that you want you know you know well well and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to make a uh you know I mean okay podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, so so so okay but never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app okay you know well like or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for I mean I mean so so giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is okay like well so free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you know okay uh you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will well uh um um also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple so you know okay I mean podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're like I mean so I mean extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and like I mean okay so you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the uh uh okay like podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a well okay um um podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, you know I mean um so go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- okay well okay okay to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA um I mean okay I mean Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so I mean um I mean like what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I well so I mean you know like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she uh so um okay on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode um so you know um of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three so uh um like months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch like uh so like for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road so okay like so and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help um uh I mean uh a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action so okay like um. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of so you know uh well our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to uh so like well do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can you know I mean well uh get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down you know so well so the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that uh okay like you know may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower so well I mean well here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and you know I mean uh like stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab okay um I mean like your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for you know I mean I mean okay this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of like uh like uh her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our okay you know you know um family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, okay um uh well you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? um okay okay you know Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your like like so you know podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show like okay you know you know notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to uh so well um but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than like well so uh to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to okay okay uh uh hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear you know well well I mean me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question so uh um I mean was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to like you know I mean so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a uh um you know I mean premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can so I mean um like follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download like okay you know you know episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're I mean you know like so listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, um so um so be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify like well um I mean or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow uh so okay uh me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another okay okay like um Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host uh uh like I mean of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health you know um you know um daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have uh you know uh uh a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because you know I mean you know you know I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it can okay so like you know be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern I mean um I mean I mean of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I well okay um uh know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a I mean um uh like loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to uh um okay well me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been well you know um well so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker link I mean like uh you know and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title okay like okay I mean ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy I mean you know so you know too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you like you know so okay have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up um like uh um along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the so so I mean so beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters I mean like you know like on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So you know uh you know I mean background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the uh I mean okay uh Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford okay so well well copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you um uh okay um outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's like well so I mean Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on uh like so well this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding uh you know uh okay his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered um um so I mean as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but I mean you know um um you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help uh so you know like on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one uh so okay okay to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the well like okay you know important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question okay um like um for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need I mean so you know well to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts okay you know okay um Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women to harness um um uh like the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this episode. We'll be well so um uh talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine flow um I mean so you know your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will walk uh uh um you know away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as other the filter okay well so well about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too like uh like okay afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to well you know okay okay leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg you know well okay okay now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like so I mean okay like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment I mean uh uh so and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah uh um you know so. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and I mean I mean well okay she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at like um well uh all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was well so um uh like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes I mean like so uh. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down you know well okay um to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always need um uh uh uh to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And I I mean like I mean I mean was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like I mean um I mean well I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's well well well well word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more like you know uh well deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of um well like so meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want okay I mean you know so you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast I mean uh okay you know form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee okay you know um I mean podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on um so okay well weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like well so well um listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom like well I mean like. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really well well okay so excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone I mean I mean um uh numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number I mean you know okay uh and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super okay you know uh okay handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? I like like I mean I mean think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using okay like well um it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because so uh like okay it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm like uh you know well when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with okay you know well uh me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash like um so well. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got um so like uh killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I okay you know I mean so was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into the like well so like bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like a failure uh you know okay um and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say like I you know you know you know um was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like um you know okay uh in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out uh okay uh like of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't I mean okay so well know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because so uh so um you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means you know uh okay like. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and okay um like like I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million so you know uh you know dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is okay um so okay gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes so well so so. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for I mean okay okay okay a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say okay I mean well uh the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All so so um okay right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out like okay um um the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful you know uh um uh time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But like okay I mean I mean you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the so well I mean I mean moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date white well you know uh well guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of this and I so like so I mean gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's up um like um you know with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am I'm having a great um I mean uh um day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a lot of like so like you know work done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and now we're okay you know well I mean filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 um like okay like 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to uh so well well power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with um okay so uh my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure. You like um I mean uh know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got like okay um okay home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some like um like you know food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the well okay well well Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how okay well um you know in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I like I mean okay um am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly you know um like so recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on so so like um how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's so I mean you know uh tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you uh I mean um so and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor um um uh I mean app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC like um so well hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to you know I mean well uh another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove uh you know so you know. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought uh uh well like of a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my like okay okay like last name kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may I mean I mean like I mean think that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant um I mean you know I mean program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's well okay well okay everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement uh uh okay like my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat okay uh well um Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food well so like okay and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and well so well so thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here like uh I mean okay in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also um like um I mean is also a co-working space where people can come and even record okay uh well okay here. We have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you so like um so are enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four so um you know I mean games or let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like like I mean so uh this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If well you know uh um you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave okay um so so a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, like so uh so we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful well um so well entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to like uh okay like access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash so okay so okay create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous so okay um so. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure. So you know like you know okay far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of then New like uh like um York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of what is now um well I mean okay New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to shore, but he was never uh you know I mean you know seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in so okay um like Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all have one thing in uh I mean I mean okay common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're working twice as hard um uh I mean I mean as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other um um um like Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the okay uh you know like sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank you like like well you know for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we uh I mean so so interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the future um okay well okay today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called well so uh so recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you know you know like uh you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name you know uh like um is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall um so well well Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You need uh you know so you know to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good mood, well like so like but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just okay okay um I mean got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it like okay well so was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here okay um okay you know soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales okay um uh uh and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? Good okay I mean uh well good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me like I mean like you know and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast like I mean you know uh. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice okay so um you know little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this like well um you know and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening you know okay so you know at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be so like um well playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why I mean well uh okay don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the you know um uh I mean blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on um I mean I mean well my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so um um like okay much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking like uh well like the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do you know uh uh uh not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day um um like okay after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was so I mean um I mean in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to you know okay so I mean Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what okay so you know you know are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to okay okay I mean okay impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity I mean um you know well. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor um like I mean uh its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow uh uh well you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor uh like so okay will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast uh well like um and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like so okay so. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place um like uh uh. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get so okay you know um started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk um so like well about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by I mean you know you know um Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know so you know so okay that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a I mean so um I mean king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch okay I mean uh like with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some uh I mean um like like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would so well well like our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like you know so well like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have like so like I mean a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the I mean I mean um I mean decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is okay so uh uh to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks I mean you know well well on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about uh I mean um I mean starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about well so you know um anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free I mean okay um well their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from well so well well your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on um okay um uh Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership I mean you know well I mean. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free so like uh so acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips um well well like and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans I mean well like okay to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of okay okay well like the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain I mean well uh you know it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your I mean so uh you know podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you well so so like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make so so I mean so money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make you know like well okay podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to um uh you know well our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it okay um so I mean good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song well so uh you know that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly like um uh um you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping um I mean you know like everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their you know I mean so well last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting so well okay well a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I so so you know um can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get so like I mean uh it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I okay um so okay had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other you know so you know so platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone I mean uh I mean so from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can uh uh okay so do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me uh uh uh you know with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place uh um like uh to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So uh like so so download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started you know like like okay again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction okay so you know I mean episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd like well so I mean give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be like uh so um about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up you know uh uh well for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven well so uh uh years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the you know well you know uh game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't like so uh well I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to well like so so players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening you know um like I mean to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management like so well okay follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you I mean okay like so can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area well uh okay um baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery um um uh well size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing to uh um like so get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO so well okay like and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in you know so like you know North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's um uh okay okay been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go like uh um like. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why well I mean like um we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So uh I mean um I mean let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that like like um uh we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is uh like I mean okay to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities like you know uh well a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as well I mean okay um uh. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other like um okay um Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and like well you know um I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow it I mean you know you know uh on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know? Yeah, I mean um you know okay just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of Tales so okay you know so from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk I mean well I mean like about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are okay um like uh bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally with you know well uh I mean the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish like well uh well bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by the like uh so uh cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to so like um I mean me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's so you know so I mean see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was so you know I mean like it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy I mean well well so Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did you know so uh well a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I okay so well like did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast like uh okay I mean where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business um um well um and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we I mean so um you know are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting so you know you know you know a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do um like okay um to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search engine um well so okay results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a you know so okay you know website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on I mean so so uh for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts you know well like uh keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and I mean so uh I mean it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys so okay well like podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk uh you know so you know a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I like you know well um will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way well um well well to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that uh like I mean so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor so well I mean like will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music you know you know uh like. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your well like I mean you know podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in like you know you know like one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast okay so like okay is the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're well I mean well I mean all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good like you know you know okay and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let I mean you know um uh you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor so um I mean well distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're like well um okay looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right you know uh uh well. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 okay so you know okay today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of you know uh like um maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett uh um well I mean here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we um uh I mean I mean just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on so well uh you know the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you so like well I mean all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners. So you know like I mean uh it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Love um um well okay To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time I mean you know uh okay major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields uh like well like in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given that I mean I mean um I mean which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an investor so well okay so suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago um uh um um. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New um okay like so Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're writing for so like like okay our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the well um uh uh the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent like um well you know. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 51% uh like uh well. And they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky uh so like well Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for uh like you know well joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week you know um okay okay. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of I mean well uh so March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has um uh I mean uh Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I uh so okay um know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of so I mean uh so news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might um um um uh be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't you know okay um uh necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an um I mean uh okay article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in so okay so okay this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions uh well um um of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, um uh I mean so please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are well uh okay so say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am well um okay uh at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you so you know I mean uh liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching I mean I mean okay like top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that you know uh uh um started life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who uh well like I mean we are or what we want to do at least until a few like okay I mean uh decades in we go through many false starts and travel through many dead you know well uh okay and paths until we find the one that's truly right for us many companies are well um okay so the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please well like you know I mean take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would like so um uh really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory so well I mean uh and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next uh so okay you know week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking like uh um um for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the well okay like I mean unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory uh I mean like well will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So so uh so like no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need so so I mean you know everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's I mean I mean I mean like Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and you know um like okay Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from so well uh so their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being like well I mean well in our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk like um well so about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous well like well like today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why um okay uh um I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this um so like okay was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here I mean so you know uh for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I mean I mean so I mean I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate well like like you know more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have so you know you know I mean fight say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and um you know I mean I mean mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a well okay I mean uh son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You like I mean like I mean may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of you know you know you know so what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you I mean so um um from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone I mean uh um okay Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke um I mean well so. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm like um uh uh doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like okay uh I mean talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What like um okay um a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so I mean you know I mean well far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama like you know okay like mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal so so you know uh Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little you know like like I mean things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing okay um so well our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown like uh so um class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I uh you know like well am Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in you know uh I mean well the chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut I mean you know well uh you as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight well okay okay I mean. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about so so you know I mean Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it without well you know I mean you know you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also have you know you know well okay a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from like uh uh um Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like it's um okay I mean uh not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast so so I mean I mean. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from uh okay well uh ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew I mean uh well you know Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All um so so well Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the like like like you know ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay okay so I mean so. We've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys well well um I mean. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so um so like I mean I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then um I mean okay like I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode okay you know like uh. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you can like like so so apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved I mean uh so well one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach uh you know well you know for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We I mean well you know I mean help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love you know so well um the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of okay I mean uh I mean social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the um uh uh um podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current like you know well um social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan I mean well uh you know on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We so um well um also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something like so you know okay for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners you know I mean well so as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join I mean okay so okay us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget uh you know you know I mean to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our so so um well listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well um I mean uh okay as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this I mean okay well okay journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're um like um I mean well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment uh well you know like this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's like like um um always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and like so well uh I'm always really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always you know like um you know like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good well um I mean okay at that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's um so so uh hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable so okay uh you know feeling around your heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from like well okay well this. I don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire so well you know I mean mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself so I mean okay I mean is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to um like okay uh youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said I mean like like I mean last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of um I mean uh um like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things so well well like that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super like well well um loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really um okay um um epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that uh like so so I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event like uh so okay Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset I mean um well uh about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some uh okay okay so Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I um I mean so well did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in uh well like well the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating okay you know I mean well and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast forever ago uh okay okay like. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the easiest way to you know okay uh you know make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its creation tools are okay so well um super easy to use and it allows you to record and edit your podcast right you know you know okay um from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard so okay well you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms you can make money so like um I mean from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything so so like okay you need to make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor so um I mean you know app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You well so um okay will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you know uh like like you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that um okay so you know I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God um I mean I mean um. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at I mean okay uh well real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and um um well well speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this um uh so well is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we okay you know so I mean will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am so I mean I mean I mean like convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down uh I mean I mean uh. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected so like uh um of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now um well so okay you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a you know like I mean you know whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just uh uh well well to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought so so so I mean I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I uh you know like okay need to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what so I mean well okay intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week like you know um um. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend you know okay okay you know there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and okay well like so yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right okay um like you know now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt well uh you know um angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast I mean I mean um okay. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update you know so I mean well. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was um like um I mean stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a okay you know so so boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're okay well like you know not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free uh okay you know well this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, well like so uh I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you like uh so so know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor you know well um okay makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use okay um um uh and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast you know you know uh like right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on you know um so um Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even well I mean so uh if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make like okay well like sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot uh okay uh well. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back uh you know okay well to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees so okay uh like Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do like I mean um okay a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He you know well well okay was so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like so uh um I mean it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing like you know well uh. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just well well well well always like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him like um well you know singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor I mean uh I mean okay. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have uh okay uh um like a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first so um well okay song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got the I mean you know okay you know mic stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that I mean I mean so okay if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen you know like okay um to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's so well um um over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight okay okay uh I mean years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years you know uh okay um Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to I mean like so so Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and okay well I mean like told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who so like you know I mean didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went okay well um like to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took well um you know uh their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when um um you know like they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's uh um I mean like been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the I mean you know like like player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in like um well you know with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support like so well so and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I like you know like you know can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and um I mean so like Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today so like um I mean and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal well I mean um I mean development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and uh well well well get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick okay I mean you know like read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job okay okay so okay ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim I mean like um I mean D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully say okay uh like like I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of I mean well like so my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever I mean okay okay well see is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even I mean so like like know how to start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up you know uh so uh on spring time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice okay I mean well so warm weather. Sometimes I like to say that I like cold weather, but I uh okay I mean um think I like warm every now and then and there's some big changes that so I mean uh well are coming up for me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can okay I mean so I mean share them. I've just decided not to for quite some time. But once I do um uh you know so decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not um so you know I mean pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say like well I mean uh little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you like um you know you know who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan well uh um okay Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of so like okay well adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening you know I mean so like to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of well okay so so the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the uh you know well um last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just okay like okay well because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you. And you know okay okay uh today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we mean by you know so I mean uh Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you know, I mean I mean okay well when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people well um like you know like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious like well like um calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm like uh I mean uh sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something well I mean okay so which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's uh so uh okay friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went I mean okay like you know to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like okay um like Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane like so okay well you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but like uh uh I mean we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host so you know so okay a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this so I mean like well episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so I mean uh I mean like many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up well you know okay I mean with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town so well I mean I mean. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for you know uh I mean so another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You uh I mean like you know need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have to I mean you know um like really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good to be so I mean um okay able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it okay so I mean okay loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished uh well well you know it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to um okay uh um another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your well like like so mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My like like so I mean name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you. And I mean um I mean you know today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and you uh well like well are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why okay you know uh like is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon I mean uh well I mean Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want uh uh you know well to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do that so like okay so. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts well I mean uh um or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be um like I mean well kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching well like I mean so top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts you know uh like well about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized um you know uh um crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a well uh um okay few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the well okay I mean well best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the um well okay okay only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous I mean I mean you know well friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome so okay well well to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm um uh I mean I mean Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind I mean you know uh so of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we you know okay okay so talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week I mean okay uh okay. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have you know like you know okay a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with well uh I mean okay your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning um well I mean like in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why okay um well um when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let uh like you know well me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for I mean so uh you know about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at like so uh I mean a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle I mean okay uh okay setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice I mean like okay I mean World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with I mean um well um people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and you know okay um you know we were able to see each other for a bit more than five or you know you know so so ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in okay I mean well okay a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've you know uh so I mean been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This uh um you know okay is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to you know um so okay co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you well well well okay guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have um so like like a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of I mean uh okay you know them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you know um uh well you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one just um um okay okay four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading okay um uh uh and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for like uh so okay it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is um um okay um to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make like so I mean uh time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group I mean so like so near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of um uh uh well well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to uh like so I mean delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders like okay you know uh asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members this okay like so you know year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms like uh um well meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and I mean so okay well bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as you know so I mean um best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take uh well um like on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're uh I mean okay so not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door like um um so. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and um I mean okay well chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of you know you know you know okay PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity well you know um um of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is uh well so like because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was I mean so I mean so doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a I mean so like well series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering purple okay you know uh well is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand like uh you know okay the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the frustrations so uh okay well of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when like I mean well okay I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds you know um well so and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then uh you know well okay I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in uh uh like okay ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't you know I mean so I mean quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me uh you know you know well my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The you know you know so uh knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the okay uh uh okay information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs uh like like well available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And um like uh okay in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating uh uh um I mean an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my uh you know I mean well channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming well okay uh well obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and well uh you know uh Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed I mean you know like so one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from uh um okay uh taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's so I mean so like going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails uh well like so. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying like so you know uh to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two well well um okay normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell uh well you know okay you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope you know I mean like you know that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which well you know okay uh was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in marriage I mean like so you know therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by I mean I mean like uh do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand new okay okay so well episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then I mean you know so so there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's I mean I mean like uh one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist okay well you know well for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question you know okay like so about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in the uh okay so you know episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom you know uh I mean like trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's so like I mean uh dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on you know I mean uh so Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at I mean okay so um ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on I mean I mean um well a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from so well uh I mean the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms um um okay uh of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts of the uh I mean okay okay world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at you know okay like you know extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved so so so um to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in uh um okay well and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out so so so well there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward um like well I mean to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym I mean uh okay okay ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew you know uh so uh up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow you know so you know um and that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if I mean okay like so you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of okay okay uh uh the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball well I mean well okay. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host uh so so so and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real um so okay um what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's okay okay I mean like talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick uh okay so you know how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take like so uh well you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because like like you know like I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies okay uh um I mean. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story okay okay you know okay they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed well well um well on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a uh uh uh um self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I you know you know I mean well didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my so um okay well life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective like like uh you know podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating well okay um well our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So so uh okay um today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and should so I mean I mean well not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed well like I mean I mean by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the like well I mean like opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on um uh um um this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential you know you know um like. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are um okay um you know complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are uh so so uh not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where okay so so well we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund um like so so managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process like so like um for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse well like uh uh podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer okay like you know like of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose like uh um okay is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and I mean like you know uh others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today so so like you know. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience okay so like like applying technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System well you know uh well. You have had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief well well you know so summary of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and like so so okay decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is all you know you know so okay about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe uh I mean well um space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me so well so like in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and freedom uh well um so with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds like um okay okay of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love like uh you know I mean we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and like well so uh all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything so so uh okay from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be like like uh so talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state well so I mean I mean to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the word tantamount you know like like you know spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as okay I mean um so in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was um okay like okay tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term um um uh um. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused well okay well well with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are you know uh well okay impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both well um okay I mean tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or like I mean well so up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official like well okay um episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members uh like uh so on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going okay you know you know um down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got so um um okay a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves you know okay well um real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's well you know like okay a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early um I mean well like stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card uh uh uh okay. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the heart I mean I mean so um of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to get I mean well you know uh a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is so you know like like one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke I mean okay um you know up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So um you know like like I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made I mean uh okay well a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about uh so well like you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it so you know okay okay should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and you know uh well um I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you know I mean um so you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this uh um you know okay Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if um like okay so I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just like I mean uh uh you know bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it so um um so. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with it which like well well like was but he reached out to me and show me a DM and I do what like um like well I typically do when I hit him with an audio message and explain my um you know you know you know position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few well you know um I mean audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going I mean I mean uh well to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll uh um so okay be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your like um uh you know own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for well okay um so creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast well you know uh I mean right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most like I mean I mean so major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your you know you know you know well podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free uh I mean okay um anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So well you know um I mean been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, I mean so uh so you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of uh like okay so surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, like um uh so you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January you know um you know okay 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for well um uh like good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard well okay you know like care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed like you know you know um and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to uh okay like you know promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire you know um uh well order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link um you know so you know in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more okay I mean you know you know novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat like so you know like will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is um I mean like like online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to I mean so I mean well the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make um I mean well so podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a well you know um okay creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know um uh you know phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it okay well like like can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can you know uh um okay easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need well so well well in one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small uh like I mean like business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists you know I mean you know um be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you I mean so I mean like watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show uh I mean okay I mean me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's I mean like you know well a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound so I mean so um quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that I mean you know um okay is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole so um I mean so life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle of well well okay I mean a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided like like like well to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this I mean you know like I mean podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk to like so um you know you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with so well you know like being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for well so you know um more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit so okay you know uh British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast um like like you know this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today um I mean uh I mean. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from I mean you know uh um different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to I mean well well like the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working uh uh okay uh on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base so okay like you know and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm okay I mean I mean you know based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks so I mean I mean um at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on well well so uh anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let um uh I mean I mean me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record you know you know okay like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast well okay I mean well for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of um like I mean well other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it so okay I mean okay easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in you know like um I mean one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to I mean you know well so Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny so uh I mean um Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo you know okay so I mean for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out okay well you know um. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our I mean okay um uh at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't okay uh I mean so have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind you know um um um of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break like okay okay uh. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every like well okay I mean night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be I mean so um uh talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred like okay uh I mean Capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an so you know so um existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a uh like uh okay new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires I mean you know so well significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not well uh um like something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs um I mean you know so to happen if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of well so uh so decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back uh like like uh it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not on account well um like um of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been so well I mean like working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and so okay I mean okay I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to okay like like well meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's you know so um um her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and uh like you know I mean some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so okay like well okay today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so okay you know uh um that I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear I mean okay you know so and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am okay uh like uh super excited to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for okay um uh like years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit uh well uh I mean to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The I mean well uh um knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the like uh um well information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting uh uh okay like your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm you know okay you know so coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of you know so okay uh you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of um I mean um you know you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you uh well you know like don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I like like you know uh have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number okay uh I mean you know 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're uh like uh so going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I uh like I mean well hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments you know okay uh I mean before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out um well um so in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually uh well well you know kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So okay uh well like I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the you know you know uh uh best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold you know like um uh days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're okay uh I mean like just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror you know I mean like okay movies? Of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about um so I mean okay starting your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the you know I mean I mean um world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the uh well um I mean easiest way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative you know okay okay um tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean um well I mean computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets okay so okay so on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's I mean like well you know everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you uh well so uh waiting for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for the like I mean well okay next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up well um well so because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the well um like uh inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're like I mean like so going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem okay so I mean like candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right okay I mean okay I mean that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, well I mean I mean okay we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians I mean okay okay um all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want okay uh you know I mean to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? so like like I mean All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been um so um well a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to like like okay um schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out I mean so okay um later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening you know um so you know before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am like like so well when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll you know you know like um be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment well so like you know trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so okay like like uh on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really like uh so I mean know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get so I mean um um your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph I mean okay well so. When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical well so so I mean approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking like I mean I mean uh at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and okay well well well communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place suddenly so I mean so um a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled well so um like the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues okay well so well of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All okay I mean um well of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in uh okay uh uh other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem okay I mean uh okay God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when um well you know um I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always thought that was uh I mean um um like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull okay you know well uh up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, so uh I mean like we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up well uh well like with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I you know you know okay I mean said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because um um uh um what was it Ben it was french fries. They are serving friend you I mean okay uh okay Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing well you know okay I mean to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is uh like um well based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House like um okay you know and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you uh so um you know grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him I mean um you know so. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be so okay uh well reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to so um well like Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the like you know um so god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring uh you know um so you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans um uh so well behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget uh so well okay save and invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my okay uh well I mean own experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement um okay okay um on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I well so okay okay have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined uh like um like with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over so okay so uh a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you I mean well uh so to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use uh you know like um to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from you know so so okay. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting uh so like um Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing okay you know like well technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a okay like well so black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope I mean okay um you know these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and um like I mean like more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part uh you know like um of our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate like okay um you know constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how uh like um uh to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast you know well okay uh about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding uh you know okay I mean Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad okay uh um you know to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from um you know well you know What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught well like you know I mean the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with uh like uh okay us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How I mean uh well like many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices so I mean like I mean in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to uh like I mean um the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes so like uh like. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is uh you know um okay to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If I mean okay okay you know you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain well uh I mean okay it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know so like uh from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it like well so you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make well so so you know some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to you know I mean uh okay make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor you know um I mean you know app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take a okay I mean so you know moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a good like um I mean okay time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there uh I mean um like to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who well so like well were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to I mean uh I mean like handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is like um well um going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth uh I mean okay so out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet okay you know uh okay or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a um like I mean um contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's uh so you know okay the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free uh well so like. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow like uh so um you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute well uh okay well your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many I mean uh uh you know many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks okay so so like. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You you know like um um need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot like uh like I mean can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with well I mean uh I mean anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to I mean uh um so get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The uh you know well um True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for so so so okay joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you you know like I mean um. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things like you know so um well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that so so like well the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us so so okay you know in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit uh so um uh on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump so um you know so on it and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for like you know you know uh sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not um I mean like like supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh uh you know like you know on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to so okay like like overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I um I mean uh um was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are well okay well I mean near appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You I mean you know okay like understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out like okay uh so here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You okay well well okay already know. No, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about okay I mean I mean okay it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that you know you know well so they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too well uh um like long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host okay so um um development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform okay like so um dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first you know well uh well ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's so um well so a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton uh so like well see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through I mean um um um drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance matters you know so okay you know for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Abby um um well well and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and like well you know like murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In well you know well I mean. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house uh you know well well near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her so okay um like son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he um um so uh actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we ask uh well you know okay all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you I mean I mean um um would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down uh okay so so to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad okay I mean you know okay joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I well well like so responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? like so well you know His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I you know so well okay tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that um I mean I mean um almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you uh well I mean well guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your I mean so well okay favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account okay so um well necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the like uh so uh one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you so you know so you know never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with um uh you know I mean friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to like you know like uh listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so okay okay okay you know already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or so you know I mean uh browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you I mean okay uh okay never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger well um I mean you know today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and so I mean so so bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot you know I mean okay so of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute um uh like like IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid you know uh like uh swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your host old so like you know um head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the well I mean okay so table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing well so like you know the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to uh well um like safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat like well well well. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University okay well you know I mean of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism uh um so like at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact um you know uh I mean of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand so uh uh uh from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for um like you know okay overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and like I mean I mean so from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a okay like like um certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and well you know okay like Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing um you know um well with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking um like well uh about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them uh you know like um to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma I mean well well okay and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us I mean I mean well uh off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move I mean um uh you know on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should okay well okay uh talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate well okay well I mean. I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, so uh I mean um yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for well so okay I mean two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un um okay like okay conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they so uh um um also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at so uh so um such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor you know you know so okay emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in you know well uh you know Charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American I mean I mean um you know College of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled you know uh you know you know oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack like okay uh I mean is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several um uh well well papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I uh like you know I mean have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good I mean um so so how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you okay like like I mean know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I like okay so I mean had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you um like um I mean ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the you know uh you know okay kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his I mean okay um you know dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's you know well okay um interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought uh um okay uh wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or so like well you know today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird uh I mean well um. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you I mean so well well were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit I mean okay um so. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess uh um uh um we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, you know uh well like yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea well um uh like podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about well well you know so whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea well you know you know um. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee um um well uh that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah okay you know um okay. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What well you know uh like about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I uh um um like make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just you know uh okay so the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call I mean well okay well coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea uh like like so guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted so well uh like us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with well I mean I mean you know Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all you know you know okay so the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're so so okay I mean dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the like um I mean um law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter I mean I mean so okay where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible well you know so like chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in sin so you know I mean um and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle um uh okay you know Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath like okay you know so stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after a um okay like uh decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up uh like like I mean looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would well well so like agree. We all know about that line and how it moved over the past uh okay um I mean past few days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked um you know like like myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half uh okay so I mean and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the I mean I mean you know I mean nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and well you know well I mean I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next you know uh uh like few episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're okay okay uh okay talking mental health. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship okay well well you know as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's you know you know um um crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the um I mean so okay issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an so well okay I mean entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or so uh uh like something happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here you know um um I mean. So we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's uh you know well like these little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if I mean well uh okay this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and you know okay I mean you know hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families uh so well I mean to feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a like so so well world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of getting I mean you know um okay in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools and okay so you know so the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am one um well well I mean of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey well well I mean you know. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share uh so okay well with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed so like so uh entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've listened well so okay I mean enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are like well um well putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together before uh like um well the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time you know um so so off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta well um you know uh things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, so so like uh especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework I mean um well I mean what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's so so so so start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back well uh so well to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because you know um um okay it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even well like well okay wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really okay uh you know um do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article so uh I mean like in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video uh like well you know about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as like so like so well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like um uh you know well Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at so um well I mean all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are uh okay like uh languages like German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds um like I mean so and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally the like well so like easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and you know I mean uh you know we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so like I mean like you know great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only so so so so record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but okay well well I mean they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It well I mean um so cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short okay um so you know and on top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's so so you know I mean free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money well okay well okay anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with you know okay well uh no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to you know you know like uh Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to like uh you know you know the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I uh um uh like am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to cover so like like uh tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and um I mean well so we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got I mean I mean so so some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for you know um um you know that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end it well I mean so um off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are I mean uh well um going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class like I mean I mean you know and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week you know I mean uh so but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where so uh so you know the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be well well um so going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position uh uh so you know generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to okay like you know so offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box you know uh like you know. The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the so uh so um Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you um I mean so I mean enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite I mean I mean I mean I mean good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is like so um so advised this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find okay I mean well so offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961 okay so uh okay. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October uh uh you know like 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering I mean okay so well their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close okay okay so you know the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter well so like I mean Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were okay um like I mean just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and like like I mean you know Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year I mean okay okay well old Nathaniel should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His well well okay uh sister's nursemaid had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on I mean so okay so his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough uh uh like I mean the Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his uh um okay you know breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in um so I mean well his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, well uh you know you know I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has like I mean okay well come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood okay like so like in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do so okay so so that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk well um um I mean. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a well I mean you know uh thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can uh uh uh uh I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it so um like uh actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the like uh well you know problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the uh uh um like problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to well you know okay so get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to so uh okay uh get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor um you know well okay app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your I mean well I mean well own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to well so um okay talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want like well like okay to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to okay well you know uh the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on um like um uh your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss uh uh I mean I mean Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to well so well so 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear I mean I mean you know I mean. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be I mean I mean you know okay the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High uh like I mean like honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or well I mean okay I mean take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, um um well like this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're so okay I mean well from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by anchor well so well uh that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is uh um like I mean based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing so I mean well you know House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to I mean so well like see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time uh uh I mean like with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading you know so um um from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord like um uh um for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my so well I mean so soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the so I mean like I mean stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe you know like uh uh. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If uh um you know like you never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and you know so well um get ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people okay I mean so like and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, okay so I mean well Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist uh I mean well well tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter so um uh uh of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who um um okay uh goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out so you know uh I mean for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett you know well well I mean I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you uh um uh like taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have so like um okay you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I like uh so uh my wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at um okay okay you know my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting okay uh like okay a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm so um um uh going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to um I mean um like come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of uh I mean you know I mean the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel okay so well uh daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem okay so uh so to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm I mean I mean uh well one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? so you know well uh This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady uh you know I mean I mean Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I you know I mean uh I mean get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew as soon I mean uh you know you know as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit, like I mean so okay but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we uh so I mean you know go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first episode of uh you know um so our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff uh um so well. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's okay I mean I mean um start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri uh like well um to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk um um so uh about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you I mean um I mean okay like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is today. My I mean like uh I mean guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank I mean um well um you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you for joining us you know you know okay well really? So I let me give our listeners are little bit of context like like okay like or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and you know uh um like I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer like um you know I mean together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm so like like like Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we I mean um so you know want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a uh so you know like wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So well like like well if you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fidecom like you know you know so. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban like okay uh uh robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll I mean I mean you know um receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD well okay okay you know prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your I mean um like um booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You you know you know okay like can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate I mean you know I mean I mean in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but well like uh I mean ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for um well I mean you know every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each okay okay you know like group to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds so you know you know um of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by um well like so legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys I mean like okay so podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk so like like uh a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I mean well well so I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to uh okay um so make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow I mean like well like you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute uh I mean okay um your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast you know okay um well my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum so well I mean um listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get you know well well well this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So you know um okay like like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's I mean you know um you know of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea so um well um. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, okay okay okay well yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay you know like so like. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster uh like well I mean sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love okay you know like well him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little okay you know you know you know he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic uh so like I mean feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel you know um um well boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for um I mean well uh British Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims like um um I mean to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work okay well well so of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in you know uh like like this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information uh you know I mean like. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and so okay so like how our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain uh you know okay okay Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast uh I mean like uh. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there you know uh uh okay my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was like I mean like well going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it is episode um well so well 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are recording you know so you know uh two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So uh like you know you know he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to find okay so um you know us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at well well I mean you know Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead you know uh so um leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if I mean like um okay you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at all um okay like well. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel I mean you know I mean okay Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading like okay so I mean shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully you know um you know you know but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate I mean I mean okay well Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat like well um um it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the so okay uh like producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking like I mean um you know no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers well you know okay you know take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically I mean you know uh uh designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee um um uh like an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains I mean uh well I mean. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like uh well I mean like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor so uh uh okay Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, so like I mean you know I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had you know um like I mean only known it like five ten years before early because all I need okay okay uh um to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click okay I mean you know so post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish like I mean well um it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available you know um you know um and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome um you know so um guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message like well you know okay if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to like I mean like so the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, like um like so welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines um uh um okay week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from so um like uh history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their like like like uh bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman so uh so you know lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She I mean well so you know and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of okay well um I mean saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China so you know like I mean with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra you know well so um the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police well well okay um resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of like so uh like Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved okay well I mean like murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's so okay so like most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts you know okay like okay. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this well so uh well episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy uh so so um Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that well uh okay I mean was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history well well uh um of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects you know you know I mean so and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about you know like well you know today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm well okay so um the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very you know so I mean so much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how like so well so the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your life well well okay okay. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I um I mean so well normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've um so well like been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is okay so you know you know because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen I mean uh like I mean to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all day uh well well like. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening I mean well well well in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris okay I mean so so with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through okay so so so the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special uh so uh you know on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into uh um like okay the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans um uh uh so and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the like like so I mean City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm so you know so uh or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan um uh you know okay of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you well so so like might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the so um um like one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite okay I mean you know like artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast okay so well um. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline I mean you know well so wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram like I mean uh well. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the you know I mean I mean you know acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to like well uh like follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly well you know so so with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night okay I mean so so the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair um uh so well. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew um like um uh it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort uh like well like of broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the well well well like goals were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that uh well well so. They plan to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital I mean you know so you know K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were you know uh you know you know friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how I mean okay you know so we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, um you know um uh thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had you know so like like when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much you know I mean okay well easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far well you know I mean um the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In so like well well one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment okay well uh you know or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone so uh you know so right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the well okay uh you know creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which I mean like so I mean you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the uh well like okay easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record well like like like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your you know um I mean okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can well well well so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need you know I mean so so to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go um I mean you know so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson you know um um well. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, like so well so you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great so well well you know. How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story you know um I mean like and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank I mean uh um um you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue um uh I mean so and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to uh um like I mean continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you you know uh so uh many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about like uh so like how you got to where you are and what drives you and what motivates well okay like well you and all those sorts of things. I think is so important to share you know uh so you know and I've had great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel I mean well like I mean media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect like so like you know to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 uh well so um radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys I mean well so um and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun well like uh well episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our okay okay you know okay app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited um well so okay to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank uh I mean I mean you know you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest like like I mean well names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these um you know so like days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the like so okay so independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the okay uh I mean uh Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such okay uh you know uh poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at so uh uh okay grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm well okay you know I mean happy to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me uh so like okay why it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've like you know I mean um hit 20,000 subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel uh like I mean um you feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So um you know okay um I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a so um so so line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking uh I mean I mean um with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start um you know like so. Do I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening okay like uh so to that YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as well so okay you know you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has uh well like I mean happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games like you know you know um and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR well um okay uh leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be so um well uh digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical uh I mean so well to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It so I mean uh okay features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics well so I mean like and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the I mean um okay uh future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics you know okay well I mean at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics you know so okay so learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics um so um I mean boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director okay so uh you know of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per like you know um you know se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take you know you know like so control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down you know you know okay I mean. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that's like like okay you know your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the branch of you know uh well well the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its so um uh you know parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is okay okay so um how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions I mean like uh well are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and well um so so there are others of course, but those are kind of the main ones uh like so well. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor you know like you know well. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I okay uh okay um use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other well I mean uh so custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest like um like well price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can so you know okay so have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool you know well like well Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from so you know okay I mean and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have you know like well like something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen so well so I mean to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number well well you know I mean 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a um like okay so great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too so so like you know and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were like um well like small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do like like okay well this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a so you know so I mean chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of um so so so similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome well so well like. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about so uh okay well starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about like I mean I mean okay anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free okay well so um their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so uh so I mean from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be so uh okay okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast like so like I mean. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place so okay so um. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started well like like okay. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join me okay like you know you know every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make okay well you know you know it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every like well you know uh Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying uh uh so you know process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors so like I mean uh the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor uh um like like is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own like uh so like podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once uh I mean I mean uh you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to well like um um Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor like I mean I mean okay or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what you know uh you know you know I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to I mean you know uh um what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that you know um uh like everyone is on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational um um you know like Journey that we are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like okay I mean I mean I mean organizing and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list well you know you know so of how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that um well well so is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we you know I mean you know well shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please well um um okay unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford uh so so um in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, I mean um um you know March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame okay I mean well well combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss I mean like uh so in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a um um you know okay row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to okay well I mean okay sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road you know you know so um that we're key games against teams that were at least on like you know I mean like par with them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the I mean you know well like Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference okay so you know so. They come up against the team and they play three teams on this west I mean like um like coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out uh I mean you know you know the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic I mean well you know um of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other okay uh well uh words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women like you know okay um I mean about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so okay um um um we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things first uh okay like like that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and well um so well their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story like well well uh. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery um well uh I mean store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way you know well okay so that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you so uh you know well go ahead and introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast I mean so um I mean. It's called speaking for the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I well uh uh like mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got um like you know um the bags of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to you know uh like I mean make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this like I mean well uh for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with you know so I mean so my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in I mean so okay well it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business you know so so like. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice I mean you know well uh of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes uh so I mean so or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just so okay so well woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready you know uh you know um and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but like so you know like we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every um okay uh I mean Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST uh I mean so uh on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody um well um okay doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man so well like like taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to well uh well well talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called I mean uh you know I mean cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just so well uh like a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me um I mean okay you know. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word so you know you know uh hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where uh um um I mean you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a like well like well beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This I mean like so well is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast okay um so you know and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please well so okay well remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to uh okay like so read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest I mean like you know like you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in like uh well like the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are okay you know okay well trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction of the like okay okay uh story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic um you know you know well just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask so uh you know uh that you wait to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to okay okay um well the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be you know you know like okay talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't so so you know like know me. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this I mean I mean well so for the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so like okay so so today we have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night um like so well toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the so you know you know I mean inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every uh um I mean you know day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're um um um well talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, like you know um okay but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah so uh I mean um that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands uh I mean uh you know. Danny was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold um okay I mean uh medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and so uh well I mean turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most um um um I mean legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the okay okay so well Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in like I mean uh so Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by you know uh okay I mean three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast I mean okay you know uh was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed uh you know you know well up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you okay so so well by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best um okay I mean so of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now you know you know like you know anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on um okay well you know your podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away I mean um like um. In fact, that's what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it okay uh well okay before but you know, we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped okay um uh uh save the audio. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end well like um um points if you want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy okay I mean like like to do that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a so well I mean uh podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start well so so uh that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour okay well uh well race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we um you know like you know host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to host uh uh okay um your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this got you know so you know well a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone you know okay well you know. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too okay okay so well. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know um so uh I mean want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on I mean like like okay a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds okay like I mean okay And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing I mean uh you know well your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in you know uh um um one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download the uh you know uh okay anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to launch your well I mean uh um podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount I mean okay uh I mean. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or uh like I mean so smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is uh like well um your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho uh like I mean well ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how uh uh so you know many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's so okay okay okay been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point um I mean I mean uh now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in I mean well so I mean the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join I mean so I mean so Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice I mean so I mean um and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine uh I mean I mean okay. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close to uh uh well like my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you you know I mean well you know read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off well okay I mean okay noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to so I mean like I mean talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way um uh well okay to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you I mean like um well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute I mean uh well um your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case well um uh so and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like I mean so well and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor uh you know you know well app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care I mean you know um okay of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors um I mean well okay some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do some you know okay so you know fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor you know you know okay um all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring well you know okay okay movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks um uh you know I mean Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome well you know okay so our movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that like I mean you know uh one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual so uh like you know and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D okay so uh you know divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the I mean like um okay akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today like uh you know um. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful you know like okay you know being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much okay like so well for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before I mean I mean well you know we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding so uh um okay brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's like uh okay well me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself um um uh okay about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are um so well well spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a I mean uh so I mean break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how um uh uh so to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to I mean okay uh I mean cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of um you know well well planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording um okay I mean I mean from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we I mean so you know um will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's you know okay I mean um the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in like like like like our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome okay I mean I mean okay. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week you know well like you know. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but well okay you know uh me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be uh I mean so uh a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that um you know um um might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to you know so I mean like man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, okay um um uh March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, like well so um March 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break like well well uh again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to so well well so hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open I mean okay so so to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and well so so okay the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new so uh okay so facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we I mean you know uh uh mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour well you know um like to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little I mean so um well bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work so well uh um. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans you know like um you know. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool like um I mean you know the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us so I mean well uh this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features like so okay I mean Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team um well well okay since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about so so I mean you know 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, so um you know well I think out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used I mean I mean I mean like to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact like like uh I mean you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the like um you know well problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed okay like well I mean you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to um like um like talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days okay okay um okay since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions um well like so show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you so uh you know um know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the okay well well like internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that okay uh okay I mean they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there you know uh like you know on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about like so uh uh what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances you know like well uh gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to so so you know so Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like I mean um like like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and um you know I mean uh church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, like okay okay okay you know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E so well uh you know in the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, um um like I mean you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but so so okay uh every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic okay okay uh I mean. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but um uh I mean like just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and firecom uh uh I mean like. Where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment um um uh you know of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the well you know well okay block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER you know you know um okay ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your um um like uh fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness um uh you know um and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on you know you know well like track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship group like well okay okay as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us okay okay like you know focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person. We um I mean like I mean trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then on okay um you know so the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't have you know I mean like so the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a one-on-one okay okay okay you know basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a lot about how I well uh well well can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I have created an online well so well like community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me live uh you know so so for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you you know like uh I mean are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on well you know well okay behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening okay like um so to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate uh you know I mean uh and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana okay like well like husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be so you know well so discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share I mean well I mean I mean our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as well um I mean like an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over uh well I mean I mean the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a I mean okay I mean like thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something I mean okay well I mean that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or I mean so uh so Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your like well well uh host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video you know um I mean so that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like you know uh I mean you know this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That um like you know you know would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top I mean um so so 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy well okay well I mean bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter um okay like you know in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless uh you know um um victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And um I mean like uh the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the okay like I mean you know years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have you know well okay well 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I okay uh I mean um will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the long-running well well okay well super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism you know so uh like and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so um okay you know um much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached I mean I mean um uh out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So well so well well I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child like uh so you know sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of uh uh um I mean a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married well like um okay their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 well uh um um the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new uh you know well so briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to so uh so I mean address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly so you know I mean okay podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far okay um like um and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a you know I mean uh you know mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she okay I mean well like put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back I mean uh um uh to it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a uh okay you know like big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to um okay uh um set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do um well um like the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do it for so well okay okay a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top you know well like I mean 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just so okay so okay why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big um like so I mean fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey okay you know like like where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist like so um I mean Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father so well like well John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his um I mean I mean well video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio uh well I mean like track land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods like um I mean you know for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real okay um uh um time, which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's you know you know like like amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific um okay I mean okay applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e whycom so you know um okay. And check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal um okay like like. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde like like like well. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going well like like um to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the you know you know okay like bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, I mean okay uh uh and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be so like um I mean like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white um okay I mean you know wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide okay like like so section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is like so so well why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My you know like like you know guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share her uh uh um um emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this opportunity uh I mean I mean you know to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year Journey okay um uh so. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always smiling. She well well so well had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be around even okay I mean so okay to this day. She is still full of life and so are her kids so like I mean well. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for you know well well like Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode 3 of um um um you know dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down with you know uh okay okay actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these various parts. Probably uh um okay um the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone Mac on so I mean I mean um still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car. Of a well like okay um rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike I mean so uh okay clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey uh uh well uh was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to uh like okay I mean you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about well you know uh okay. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining uh so I mean like will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with you know I mean uh well Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric like well well I mean. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo like you know well uh TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one um um like uh. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps so um um uh and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as uh um uh like we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc well okay like um a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James I mean um uh um Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better um okay um so the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name uh um so well is Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do okay uh uh so we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement uh um um like podcast. You can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I so okay so um appreciate you jumping in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the okay well like well future Sox podcast. This is going to be weird for me because I don't I mean you know okay I mean normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this uh you know you know so up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited okay well like okay over at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing um okay like um this now for almost two years and it really is like a Grassroots thing like so I mean so that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into and now well uh uh so we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on well so like well the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there like well like you know through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a well okay well I mean week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss okay um like um both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I want you know like I mean well to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll um well you know you know love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I uh like so um want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the uh like so you know whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? like um like okay I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for okay okay okay like some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away okay well like uh and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not uh so like um try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which uh I mean you know um is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know well like so right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast I mean you know well okay for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the um um I mean okay free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so I mean like um well we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt I mean I mean I mean well Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This um well well I mean is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos like I mean I mean so the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more you know uh you know um places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've I mean like like um got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website I mean like well you know life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening well uh uh you know Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are like you know so you know behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game uh um you know well against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm um like um you know telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I I mean like so I mean love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building well so okay like top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast well like uh you know. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh uh okay you know your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you I mean like um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make you know well well you know money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts uh well um I mean in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM um so okay uh to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about uh so um you know talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets you know well like um. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about like uh um so how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing um so um uh Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology okay you know I mean um North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with I mean so well uh professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a I mean well okay so great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable uh okay uh you know altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October um uh well um. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful well okay okay okay that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it well I mean you know like if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at so like so I mean Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone um uh you know so Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in okay um I mean okay the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by you know um so uh mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We uh I mean um well talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has well well um well an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at well uh so like the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who so well well um was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he okay so so like was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he like so you know I mean saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks well well like okay That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave like uh so okay them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in okay so so well the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat um okay like you know fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall like like okay like Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless okay so so uh. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row um well you know you know of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating um so okay uh peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of um so um you know a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was um you know okay uh looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had well um so okay FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job okay like so okay was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast I mean you know I mean um back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the you know you know well um weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to I mean I mean so I mean sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being well so well you know back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you uh I mean um well know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando um I mean uh you know who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek so so you know I mean and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back so well well like to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney I mean well uh well and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all I mean you know so you know going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two of so uh well you know act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo I mean I mean uh um speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the you know well so um crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still you know like okay well hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his well okay you know okay chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of well um uh okay course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city well um so so liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel okay okay okay so secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid okay um well like that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none well um so you know but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards so well you know I mean Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I okay you know I mean uh don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't um like okay okay be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached episode uh okay uh um to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, like uh okay I mean you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also I mean well I mean so the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in I mean well okay so my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very okay I mean like uh strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs uh I mean I mean like Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey okay um like okay of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems okay um you know uh and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple so like okay you know fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are I mean so okay okay promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current you know okay so so health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship um I mean like you know that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year uh um well okay. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly you know um um I mean wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview okay you know okay so people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions and well so you know okay expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest well like well like way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you well you know I mean so everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your well um uh I mean mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your like like well so podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google um you know okay well podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make uh um so well money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor so like so you know or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's you know I mean um you know Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm well well so okay going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name I mean well okay you know is Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here okay uh um um joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for well uh so um today and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this like you know okay so little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we you know uh you know okay thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today you know like I mean you know if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that so you know uh so where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have so like so uh you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back you know so you know um. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All well so so okay right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us uh you know uh okay. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of so well so you know today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email here so so I mean um from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me how just in I mean okay so okay a short period of time. He's in a situation where I guess his he's been okay I mean um um married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently like you know like you know about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an emotional affair with I mean uh okay okay some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach well I mean I mean you know. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging I mean I mean you know I mean out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments or okay so you know uh worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast uh so so so with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, well so well like but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward um um uh so to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process like okay well you know a few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, um uh um like let's just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following uh um I mean well a few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually um I mean you know um got go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right um okay so so here is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train you know like you know okay and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't like I mean I mean well all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I you know okay uh um don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and um well okay like keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna okay you know okay you know hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about like um uh um how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take you know so you know like and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know you know uh okay okay what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be well okay you know okay willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you uh okay I mean I mean wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that okay well uh uh ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep well you know um I mean moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We I mean okay so well know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And so uh like I mean we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround I mean you know well so in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers uh like I mean so that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but okay like uh I mean maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got so um okay so my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that uh um like okay means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, I mean you know I mean you know whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I okay so you know well believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week I mean uh uh uh because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up Christian um um like okay are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh University. Number I mean uh okay I mean one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the I mean well well you know unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was found on um you know okay like her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed to the so you know I mean uh crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that well well so well night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify like well you know uh or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case well well um um listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault like you know I mean okay that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children well well well I mean under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer so I mean like I mean Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, um well uh um Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely um okay okay well focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint well okay um I mean investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of like you know like I mean those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill I mean okay well well a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here okay okay I mean so. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides I mean like uh I mean just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go um so um well for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect well okay you know you know those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions so so I mean um of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's um well okay um. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking uh you know well um at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a so uh uh like story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome for uh well uh well two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it all went a like okay like so little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a bit uncomfortable well um so like rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively um well like um that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want to well you know uh I mean be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you so um okay you know from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I well so um like love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like you're uh I mean okay like trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I well um well I mean don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because I mean okay so well we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we so um like uh posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found I mean so you know um Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold for okay like um like a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our um uh like well living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is um um you know um definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan so I mean okay um today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB uh like okay I mean and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling so well I mean you know Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend okay like like okay and don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go like um so well through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So like okay okay like be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on I mean I mean um okay right now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a so like uh like pop socket. To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be I mean well well I mean entered in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for you know I mean you know well so we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand you know I mean okay okay new ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to so you know um like the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale you know like okay uh. What do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a okay uh so okay couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah I mean well well um Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with I mean uh okay you know Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by well uh uh you know women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and like I mean I mean you know we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode well I mean uh you know includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise uh okay you know well Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at um I mean okay so Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader well okay okay I mean. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Charter so well okay so. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what he'd say I mean like okay you know. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a like well well so redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and okay you know you know okay other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion you know um like you know for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to uh like well okay the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans um I mean you know like of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car so okay like I mean. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've had okay well you know okay to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out of one you know um you know you know of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay you know like like dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best okay uh I mean I mean way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put well I mean like uh it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's um um so like by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so uh uh well I mean happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if well um like I mean you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well so I mean well well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another partner so um I mean so that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special uh okay I mean like term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So your so okay you know I mean partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with well well like well your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this uh like well um person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, okay okay I mean like which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your like I mean well well metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours so um um well or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to I mean you know okay uh be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or um okay um you know have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation episode uh uh I mean I mean with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing an action taking I mean I mean well um I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he okay so um okay is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously known Zach is one um uh so I mean of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling uh I mean I mean so. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a uh like I mean I mean Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably you know well like you know where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off well well you know well when our laptops and a lot of people come through and sort of uh well um well asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things you know so uh like in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show uh so well so notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened I mean uh like you know it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes well you know like well to you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of well I mean I mean you know have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your uh like you know like own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there so well so well good angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is okay I mean you know um a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about um like okay um any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing so well you know you know their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the like I mean well like well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta you know um okay I mean gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to like so so you know be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How so um you know you know did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so um okay so um over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I okay okay like so was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when I I mean um uh you know started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking for an uh you know like like initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I realized that a you know you know like so lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting I mean okay so like announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast well so okay well Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you so you know well well know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well like you know well you know romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds you know like I mean uh of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're okay I mean you know okay really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in any flavor well I mean um you know check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very um I mean so um favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super so I mean so you know amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about um I mean you know so the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the uh you know I mean like most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode well like well well. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network you know I mean so well. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us so you know well uh explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime well uh like I mean world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify like um so um or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be you know like um you know posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and okay uh you know well you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope so so okay you know you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here like I mean I mean um at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We um I mean you know you know literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this uh okay like I mean is some sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at um like well um 4:00 and we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though you know like like like. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us so well I mean so again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves okay so well so in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at um so uh okay this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe you know so I mean okay it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, okay I mean I mean well you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, okay I mean um okay we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has um I mean uh uh because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we I mean so uh well are and we sit down and and I think most of the time well I mean um uh we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad like you know I mean so. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you okay I mean I mean so got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I so I mean you know well was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my so uh like um hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going okay uh okay well on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much okay so um um shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I well um uh well have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a okay like well like while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans like I mean like so and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and I mean uh so okay it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no I mean you know well I mean one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record um like um like before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my well uh I mean so name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and so um um uh real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that you know well okay like might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, um well you know I mean please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a uh you know I mean you know mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by uh I mean um so our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird well um um so. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, well um so um I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom well you know well you know one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your well okay I mean uh intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room I mean um well I mean a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's uh uh uh okay it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here. It's well so okay you know weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell you know so like um it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known for out I mean I mean well um here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day okay okay um so for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here so good I mean like okay I mean for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode so okay like I mean includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 uh well okay well. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the holidays so I mean I mean you know the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered World okay okay like you know feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture so um I mean so. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions okay uh like you know eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk so um well um to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad okay like well well choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line um okay so uh. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs for I mean okay I mean um everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space amusement park okay well you know uh is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like hurry I mean well um well Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know are you uh so you know like get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely remember that because uh like uh you know you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down uh okay like like the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go back well I mean you know you know to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was acquitted you know you know I mean so on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years later um well um okay if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports events okay so so so from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen free on like okay so uh Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for the main event like you know so okay nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew ducky so okay I mean you know. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy okay so okay I mean. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few okay uh I mean okay precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again like so uh okay when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you I mean so like so drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh like you know like I mean your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you dress um um like I mean you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds with the like okay um like exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember exactly like you know uh you know what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly like like I mean well you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian okay like um um Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve well so so like Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential I mean I mean okay well targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys like uh um you know are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the um I mean okay you know legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium I mean uh I mean well Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that uh uh I mean like dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt like um you know okay Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed okay okay so okay Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why okay uh like so circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin um um I mean okay in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my well so okay so Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some so um so um form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something um well so um that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So um so I mean you know we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break down um you know well I mean some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around so I mean um well real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I okay like you know I mean choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for I mean you know uh like cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you um uh well like can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for so you know okay like episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great okay well like um compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and so I mean so you know get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business um um uh like and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and okay I mean I mean you know get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick like like like so read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of small like okay I mean well talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith okay like so okay introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat in visible um I mean um like in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate Rita so um I mean I mean passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting um um um okay your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the I mean I mean okay okay way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So uh like like well if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download uh so okay okay our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just uh I mean well well hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple like well like I mean iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and uh uh okay um best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the um like um okay mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We uh um um like appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do you know uh well okay this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave okay uh I mean uh a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have so okay like okay all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh you know like uh. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and so well well you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast okay you know well uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you know uh so okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need um like like I mean to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to uh like like like Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for I mean well so um the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for so I mean you know uh the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't I mean like you know well know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at um you know uh so home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find the uh like like okay time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, I've just I mean you know okay well released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot I mean you know you know uh code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three I mean okay so you know workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer um I mean so like app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the I mean okay so you know plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair up um like like so some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the I mean um um so house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go you know um you know well and get the planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here uh okay like uh we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on. Becoming well you know like you know extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, um um well well I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here well you know okay I mean we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out well so I mean so. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young so so well so child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we like um like um watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to well okay I mean I mean share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's you know um okay you know kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my I mean uh uh well last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps well well um uh that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about you know okay you know you know my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the uh uh so um dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that so okay um like was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're uh like okay uh up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're um so I mean you know certainly getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot so like well well of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the okay I mean like um Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank well so uh you know you for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk like um you know you know to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no. Oh well well you know well no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord you know uh um you know and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's like you know you know like about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning I mean okay uh like of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will so okay okay I mean be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following uh well so so that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script so um uh so shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create I mean uh well uh new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / you know like um you know bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super like you know so um cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together I mean so uh so. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank like I mean uh like you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's I mean I mean you know so so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo like okay uh okay. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm well you know like well Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, you know uh uh okay we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team so well okay uh can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast um you know um I mean drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From um I mean I mean like Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm um uh like like going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe well I mean like well don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because well so so you know I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining you know um uh you know to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good like you know I mean like stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a you know well well I mean talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist you know you know like uh extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage like well I mean uh. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for so um okay so having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own you know you know like I mean medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go you know like you know so on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to well you know um um be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it like you know I mean you know my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were like okay you know uh on the road. It was on a phone in or do you have so like you know you know to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house so like I mean I mean. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, uh um uh well and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here I mean I mean so you know to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are I mean like I mean uh listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out um uh uh you know there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your okay well um you know voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the I mean like I mean I mean easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools that uh you know like uh allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your I mean uh um um computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on so okay you know like Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not well like I mean um even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so I mean like I mean. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's you know um so um guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient you know um um you know a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side you know uh uh like at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters at uh like okay so Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and so well I mean uh then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a um uh so you know few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks uh um like okay. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start I mean okay so okay the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before so okay like uh we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor okay uh you know I mean if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's uh um like okay free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools uh I mean uh well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and uh you know like uh computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can okay um uh well be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money well like so well from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make like well you know well a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot okay um I mean so. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started uh like I mean so I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory like like I mean like victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has you know I mean well uh Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is uh okay uh okay a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final season okay you know okay well of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very uh well you know okay excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in so okay so okay the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand um I mean so uh champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a you know well well um bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is like you know uh so not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done well well like um some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome uh I mean you know like to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get like you know you know so here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming uh okay um well on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not well um so um so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going okay well like well to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name um you know um so is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here uh well um so today. We have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we so uh like well um, this is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two okay I mean so uh because we so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it uh okay like okay didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always so um I mean you know have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it in like so um so a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis uh well like uh and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri River I mean well like okay. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping so well uh okay men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the cover I mean like okay you know of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that had been you know well I mean I mean hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on some humans um um uh uh. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know um okay okay I mean that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor you know like uh um it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that I mean okay so uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm well like like um doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute uh uh I mean okay. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts so so um you know and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum well okay you know I mean minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in I mean um like uh one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- well um um like to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 you know um you know I mean coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys so like you know like the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast well um I mean um where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business well like so okay in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day uh um uh like this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic okay you know so well of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is you know like well you know starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend so I mean I mean okay of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us I mean uh okay so about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but okay uh well I mean the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get like like uh so them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an you know so um like awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here I mean like well well is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is okay so well I mean a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for well so okay well businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a I mean you know uh okay podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay you know um so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute so like well well your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other uh I mean uh so platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership I mean like uh well is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor so uh like um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the so well like uh node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at so you know okay um a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I okay I mean I mean okay don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the okay well well uh podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube I mean well like okay channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and okay okay like okay they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind um so okay so of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche I mean like like okay how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more well uh uh uh about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that in um well like so the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff okay well like um and you kind of understand how to build the business then the question is, well um I mean you know well, what do you actually have to get done before you make that website on um uh I mean well Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? So um um well okay I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options like so well like you have and then let you know what I do and what I recommend so so uh okay well with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a you know so so you know bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two uh okay you know well very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so uh like I mean well hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys um uh I mean uh. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable uh uh uh like break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you so uh you know okay had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our lesson so well well you know on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually the so like like okay tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you like okay like I mean are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor well um okay you know is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record and uh you know well okay edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your okay um I mean so podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and like uh so I mean Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind okay okay uh I mean of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money okay you know well you know from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad well um uh uh that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off you know okay I mean okay of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode okay so like I mean of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We uh uh well like are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova like you know I mean okay at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame I mean so uh well Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan okay well okay well Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this so okay so um show here before I get into it as always be sure to like well I mean well okay subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can okay well uh so get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building like well like um on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place you know okay um I mean by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They okay uh you know well literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome I mean okay well uh back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because I mean uh so um Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies okay uh uh you know seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this uh like so um is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I mean I mean you know so I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need okay okay I mean okay tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast about like uh you know so well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going I mean you know okay so to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from uh I mean you know I mean Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with so okay I mean uh that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and okay so uh you know first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before okay um like uh downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage like I mean well okay you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to so okay um I mean download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not I mean like um well record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that okay so you know so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer okay so uh um. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I I mean uh I mean um have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we so so like so talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading like uh uh so the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have like um well like to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me so um like um if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back um like so so home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock uh you know uh I mean right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see okay well you know I mean if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I so so so I mean read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because well uh uh I mean I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here I mean um I mean um with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I so okay like I mean think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center I mean okay so I mean and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from you know okay you know uh Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels I mean um okay like like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm um you know I mean like sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much uh like you know so for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all uh okay I mean I mean because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're um you know okay well an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such okay like so like a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode you know uh okay well This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we well like I mean well do once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to well like so so go live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So you know well like um if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back I mean uh um so on it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to okay like like okay be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not so you know okay uh connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up you know uh well okay an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this uh um uh okay month. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly you know so um um. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the I mean um like um discussion at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background you know well like I mean long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian okay you know like well McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United you know you know um I mean States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are so um um you know based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The number of uh you know okay okay infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered across 15 uh well so like. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very like okay so okay hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first uh like I mean um case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing uh well okay um home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah you know so okay um. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You like uh like um know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some you know like you know okay things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the uh well you know uh system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have uh like okay I mean a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get well I mean okay uh into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this you know you know like like boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into like uh I mean um what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's uh you know okay so stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk like like you know okay club with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson you know well well like who is actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast so I mean um so. Oh, yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our so you know I mean uh acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm you know I mean I mean well Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm um um um okay studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful I mean so okay um Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with um um um I mean an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and so so you know um stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge you know um well so. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel I mean um okay well. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami like well um like. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets you know like I mean you know to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at um like you know okay his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard um well I mean okay the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and I mean okay like I mean welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the you know okay you know so top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and like okay well you know welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with well okay I mean like your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting so um you know um the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a um um you know okay look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor okay well so uh Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in like you know well so Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually I mean um well okay down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay like um like uh homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught by uh well so I mean professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor you know like uh so to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join I mean okay so uh me each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay like so um like tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty um uh I mean well. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with like uh um you know business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take so like uh so your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited so I mean well so to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie so okay well I mean is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works um like well um on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera you know like I mean uh. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time so like um um makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you guys um I mean okay well are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts I mean um I mean I mean. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast so so um okay is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought so you know um you know you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know like uh I mean you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the I mean like um you know past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme like like so like of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the like so so you know things that we covered from the past few episode is about I mean like okay so mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or okay well well you know as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be well I mean uh so basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should you know like uh like be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast well uh okay uh and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the um um well like upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy like so like you know Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've well okay um uh got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to I mean uh okay okay get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff I mean like you know I mean. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let like well so well me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the so so uh um floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me I mean um you know um do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to I mean okay uh so talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the you know okay uh um questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and uh um okay okay what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make so I mean okay you know sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started um so you know uh a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where well like you know you know I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six uh so okay you know and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me well um uh okay as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic um um okay so of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This you know well um so is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality like like um you know is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to okay uh like you know feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going you know um like I mean to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really I mean uh uh okay great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days uh um okay uh it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're you know I mean I mean I mean just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and like I mean so so your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that um okay like you know business you want to build or that career you want to have is just I mean like I mean I mean unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This well I mean uh I mean is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have like well I mean you know described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the you know you know um uh show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest well um okay I mean month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal uh I mean like I mean of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that um like okay well he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the you know well like um idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had um so um um in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the I mean you know uh well great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought I mean well I mean so me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to so well um okay a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess well uh okay I mean Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names I mean okay well you know do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in so so well um criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on well you know okay um the beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, so I mean like you know she and her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in okay I mean uh I mean San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her okay well uh I mean for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and like you know you know so I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How I mean um well um are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just so I mean I mean like chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? you know like um so Your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I okay um like like feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium like like so you know and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices I mean uh like so in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, I mean well okay like but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what um well um I mean I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I mean you know uh I mean I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends from I mean um like you know way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us so you know um well today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San well well so like Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share uh so okay okay with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true you know like like I mean. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah you know you know okay you know. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a minute well um okay well. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? How do well you know you know well we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like so well um well to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to uh uh um well Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So so like I mean I mean easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy uh like like like. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I mean like okay like I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in like um well okay it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It I mean you know like well will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are okay well um you know available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome like I mean you know so guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message um okay I mean um if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out okay so well like to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this like well I mean um mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have you know um um you know restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy like uh uh you know this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on um so um you know social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, so uh okay okay it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would uh so well like love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you like okay uh well think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This um like okay like one is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those I mean like well well of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the I mean so you know so guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the okay I mean well you know management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict I mean like well so on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle um uh you know so cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners um like um so running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for you know um like well a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my um so um so travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome so okay like like back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much I mean like okay you know for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's uh so well I mean start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you I mean um so you know know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire so well like you know life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our you know um you know um manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best um uh well you know friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want like okay okay you know to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major uh I mean well so event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the I mean okay okay so bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend uh I mean so I mean. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy um like like like Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way so you know I mean I mean back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is like I mean you know you know. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's okay so so you know up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time uh uh so um no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot well well I mean like minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on okay uh uh you know you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and uh well um so stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as so like uh well far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always amazed like um like well with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I you know uh I mean um mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already um um well you know listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of well uh you know you know stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play like um I mean um for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both okay like okay you know of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the I mean I mean um I mean companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan like okay you know like. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live uh well like um say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to um okay uh I mean dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring uh uh okay so happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of okay okay uh so to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together um I mean well well on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of you know uh like um your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed well um well so beans that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two um I mean so uh realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the um well like okay greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are like you know so well as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the okay um um so process of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot like uh well um minute and we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities you know so well well can merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're uh um so well not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the you know okay well like injustices of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes so well so uh discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise uh you know like you know Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was searching through I mean I mean uh like her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she so okay I mean well heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle so you know okay okay Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very so okay um like well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a um well like okay few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So like I mean um like she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a you know well you know um party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to um like like um the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union um uh uh so Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It well um I mean I mean has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice I mean I mean well you know Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions um okay uh well. Ya betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel so you know I mean so good to have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and I mean um like I mean seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is I mean well so like intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any okay so like I mean reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in well um well well nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based you know uh I mean I mean on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion like well okay so statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites you know uh I mean like have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show you know uh uh uh. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine okay uh okay um start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the uh you know um uh outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about okay you know so um heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may like like um well have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is uh so so I mean the story that people have told about what happened many years ago. In the well uh uh like 1700s before America was called the United States the British and Americans were I mean so so you know War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with well you know okay um Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you uh so well I mean outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then okay you know so well there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the you know I mean okay I mean Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles uh uh I mean uh rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy uh I mean like like house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked in a so like okay I mean battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the I mean um so you know room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life so I mean so okay through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin I mean um uh so Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse okay okay uh like and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives like okay so you know. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did um I mean okay well to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us you know okay um um believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not so you know like like certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to well um like well you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you okay uh so so doing? Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I well so okay like know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two like okay okay uh girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding well well like um. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why so uh uh like or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up okay so um I mean on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has you know uh well like been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim um you know I mean I mean Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only well well um okay claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating uh well like uh discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be you know I mean like you know long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's um well well uh the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality like um well so Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup um um okay so of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we um okay I mean okay do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube you know I mean well well channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe well so well uh button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This um like you know you know is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the call well um okay you know. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on this okay okay I mean you know morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray you know well uh so for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm staying at home you know like so um today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, okay like you know um but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that um well like so I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So today you know uh well um I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of well I mean I mean you know Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions you know okay um so have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on so uh like so The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell uh uh okay uh the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy so so well you know theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past okay well like like a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with Brigade um I mean um uh is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear so okay I mean uh separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And you know um so okay how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to I mean um um like yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab um I mean uh I mean case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers well I mean so okay are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal uh well you know I mean you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm um you know you know okay really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic um you know um you know. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing well you know uh uh to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go so like well uh of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality like I mean uh so great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter well um okay uh of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you uh um I mean so doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain well uh uh well at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if uh uh okay I mean you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that I mean uh I mean okay Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description you know so um like and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going so okay I mean well to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced you know um I mean you know as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was well um so like filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has um well well okay to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would you know you know okay I mean have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no okay well well well other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in I mean you know okay well the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily um well so okay. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her um okay uh um earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check okay so um so out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for so uh okay okay the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker you know okay so you know sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland well uh like like. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she uh well I mean so serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves uh um uh you know on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and well like okay well events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a uh okay okay um CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some um like so well prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre you know you know so like. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We I mean I mean um like also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with okay like you know you know the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to I mean uh uh like our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world you know um so uh. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain you know well you know so them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons uh so I mean so and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week um you know well so is a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking you know I mean uh like about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser um you know I mean uh questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them I mean like um well. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all you know um well well that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we okay well um uh started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there okay well well like. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a um uh okay uh lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean okay I mean okay me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so okay well so podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know like well uh. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you well like uh uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make well well you know uh a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred okay well so um on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated so um you know like Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist okay okay um okay and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford well like so um copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you like uh you know like outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then I mean I mean uh so there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th so uh uh so 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa so well um uh. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night um well well um. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa well uh you know you know Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night I mean uh you know uh talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and okay like you know you know also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a um you know you know well cebit my house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I okay okay so okay mentioned the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something okay I mean okay you know going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or okay um well I mean not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever you know okay so so couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, I mean uh uh so you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of well well I mean okay me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit of well okay uh I mean how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about anchor it's I mean so you know uh free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot I mean so well okay of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh I mean okay like phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor okay uh I mean I mean up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out well well um uh. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to well okay you know uh sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with so uh like uh people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you well um so okay have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website you know so like I mean at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how many uh I mean well you know of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I you know I mean you know well see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? like you know uh you know Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so well like so okay that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to like you know um like destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce like so well okay you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already okay so um so know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it you know like I mean uh going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention I mean you know so so McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank I mean so uh I mean. It's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back so um so you know to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had I mean okay you know you know really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All I mean well uh so right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick you know well well I mean about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to so I mean uh I mean make a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing so uh I mean uh you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind well uh like so of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really so you know well um know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school okay um you know you know with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I you know well uh like consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle so I mean okay you know. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the well I mean like I mean ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if um I mean well you know you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported okay um you know you know that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in I mean uh well okay the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly okay uh uh well going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced I mean well um like as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was I mean uh okay well filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to okay like I mean like be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would okay you know okay like have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation uh well um well unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's uh I mean um like all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare um like uh so Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this uh well I mean you know channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight like well okay I mean at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's so okay so um just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music uh so um I mean is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm well like uh um. I have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is you know okay so okay the one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by so you know um I mean the what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick so you know like okay him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He like well um okay loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he okay I mean so I mean will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I uh well I mean you know was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how okay I mean like so we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you know you know I mean I mean you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open okay uh uh I mean. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in uh so like okay because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we have a uh uh you know uh restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're well um you know like here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top um like you know well to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer um well I mean well he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and okay well well so hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start so um you know okay off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my I mean I mean uh uh first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this like well okay well one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and well I mean you know well I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could um uh so um just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat okay uh like like with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna okay so like I mean. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me uh um um you know about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to uh you know okay well introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's a I mean so you know I mean delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just um okay okay well thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just um uh um you know raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category um so I mean you know. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading you know you know okay well faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James you know well like so and Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or I mean um okay uh not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if you know so well okay it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that well well like so in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with uh like I mean you know your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover okay you know I mean uh more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion you know well um you know New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of well um you know okay the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In okay well I mean um other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope I mean I mean okay you know you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality like so so well in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't um um like like have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses like well so like. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close I mean I mean okay okay up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to like so uh okay revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results well I mean okay so ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from um well okay so the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH you know I mean okay well with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings okay you know okay you know. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm I mean so I mean you know going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence so um uh well. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going okay well I mean uh to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some so uh like you know might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode I mean so so okay contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people well okay okay well may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly um like well so was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The whole you know like you know you know thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was okay well so well the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa uh um well I mean you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage so okay uh you know client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is um you know like uh not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is you know I mean uh well the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know well okay I mean so what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more that you know so I mean you know makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a uh you know um um special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at like okay so like my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a so you know okay I mean podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in so so so um the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's well um I mean so called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue um I mean um uh by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as okay you know you know well our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, like uh um okay but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope like uh I mean I mean we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible uh uh um okay but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope uh okay well I mean first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you uh so uh um haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let uh you know so uh me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to you know uh like I mean do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like you know you know so from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will I mean uh uh uh distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts like uh you know okay. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no um uh I mean like minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And you know like uh so this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I like so well like prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your so okay well like relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't um I mean so well go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it uh so like uh here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just well so okay like quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series you know well um uh next time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got uh uh well you know to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience well so so like. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really you know I mean uh uh really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the you know like um well first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the so uh like I mean Lord you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month well I mean so so and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you you know you know so uh are able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with like so well you know last month and you can make a difference and I want you to see well so I mean well that as something Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes so you know um so we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to I mean uh I mean um find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am like um like okay. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll okay uh like like Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this um you know um I mean week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah I mean um um okay for the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's um uh um so and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So so um like well first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson so I mean so so and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of okay like so like 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a uh okay uh okay Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime history like like okay you know in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making Zodiac I mean well like um murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way to like okay so um the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're uh I mean okay like looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast uh I mean well okay. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the like so okay I mean things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I mean um I mean well I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those I mean I mean so you know things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get well so um well the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the well um I mean uh things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting like I mean you know you know their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency well I mean okay so created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here um I mean well so in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the so you know like well Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn from uh I mean um um stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless okay okay well well absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host you know so like so Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe like like uh you know Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with uh like well like age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said well I mean you know so that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have I mean well like I mean been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the like like you know um name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a mind so so so you know all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is that um like uh like before the world was created God already had you and I in mind each uh you know like uh with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person well like I mean um can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we uh uh well well can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his like uh I mean well spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US well okay I mean I mean eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce so um well okay to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we like well like you know had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality now okay like I mean you know. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome uh okay uh I mean to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just well okay I mean I mean want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start this um okay you know okay podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and kind well so I mean okay of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction okay well so well to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so without further you know you know well so Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard I mean you know okay I mean. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think you I mean well you know you know guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house Nick so like you know uh how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So well like so like I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you like I mean uh so called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of you know well you know um the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival okay so okay well selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 okay um so okay action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got um you know well you know itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home like I mean I mean like at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and okay well I mean um seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for um you know so you know he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by you know well uh like Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and like well um okay so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much um like okay so myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I was well uh um well going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the uh so well you know TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I uh I mean well I mean apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the okay um well like after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having so so well um an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up uh you know like okay. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast so well like like of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie um okay uh so deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't so well well uh know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I okay you know okay okay was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press well well you know so the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for well you know um um the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record um like so uh that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't so I mean uh okay figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let um uh so like me give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're uh okay um like wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because uh um I mean you know I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of like like uh so people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would like okay I mean uh put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to so you know I mean like figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like um I mean you know okay everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta like uh um well tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told like you know so you know the devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is um okay um so the head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free like like okay um from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy um uh uh okay cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch you know well well you know me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right you know so so like standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace you know like okay like of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he well well uh so that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I well uh well um have put up the old and put on the new I have been so uh uh so given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall well uh okay well supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the um um uh well shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not um I mean okay um be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're going okay like you know well to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than you know well I mean I mean one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like okay um well uh how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm I mean like so like excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar I mean like okay okay Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, okay uh uh so I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to um like so like tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's well well you know I mean Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial so you know okay uh the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today uh uh um um and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 okay you know so so Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were you know okay I mean uh considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime um so um so of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast okay uh well um is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do okay like I mean you know a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior so I mean you know you know. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote like uh um okay episodes to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the um so um like podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a so I mean you know you know question by leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question uh like okay okay a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for I mean I mean like I mean more you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger um well um I mean product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy you know like okay okay habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm I mean okay well well Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much so so like like lower than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think so okay well like they have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess you know uh well uh who's copying their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a you know okay okay okay Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing well well uh um. So you've done what a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your I mean well um uh reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook okay okay um like and everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly well okay well okay starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from uh um you know well Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you okay uh um uh can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is I mean so uh so brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure okay uh so well out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you well well so okay everything you need in one place for free and you can use it from so so okay like your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like um you know uh so about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh you know I mean like your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere I mean like um uh and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast you know like I mean you know with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try uh um like you know and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against like so well okay children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The like so so okay Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth um um so you know about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and uh I mean you know okay lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC um so so you know gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child uh okay uh like named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed um like well you know in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on um you know uh well which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you well so so well. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much like like uh you know better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train so uh okay uh legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I uh well uh like didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're so okay like so one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah I mean so well so. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon like so uh okay as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but um okay uh like I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's I mean like so like going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good you know well I mean like start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody well uh I mean I mean our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And uh well uh like we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's you know you know I mean okay your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? so um uh okay I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day okay you know so you know at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the I mean uh okay like legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday well you know okay well you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star uh you know so you know. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and uh okay um well True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener so okay I mean like discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering uh you know you know okay the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating okay well well so inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time like so you know I mean what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you know I mean uh um you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do like I mean I mean um celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up I mean okay so okay. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I like so okay well was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep well so so so transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown you know like well I mean and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's well okay you know I mean the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina amongst um okay so well a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those so uh I mean um other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but like uh so so I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your okay you know okay um host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to like well I mean I mean go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in um okay so um Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team you know well uh um calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit uh um okay um about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a okay so you know you know podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well um uh uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your so well like uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many um you know like like more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh um okay like you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or uh like like um go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the well you know I mean okay game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of well well I mean uh the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber well um you know um. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's like you know um okay decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back um well okay you know to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in uh well you know well Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution um uh uh I mean is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger so um okay I mean Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge you know okay um I mean above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was you know well you know you know obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an I mean um I mean um effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the I mean like uh um Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly um you know I mean so cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and um so uh so understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but okay okay I mean well Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of so like okay I mean the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests um like I mean so and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the well you know um um management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on like like you know uh but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, I mean I mean like okay Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to you know okay you know you know say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that so uh uh so mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has I mean okay so you know simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing uh okay like um. They do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets well okay like well you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are um so well well you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus well okay okay so after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day so you know like I mean he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with you know okay I mean uh God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to okay okay um so be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon I mean I mean like so Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you uh well you know um and Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need so so um like to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack like I mean you know so. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it you know well I mean well by being with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking about um uh well I mean programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for the session you know you know like um. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term like well uh well. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in I mean well uh uh automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more well like um like effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology you know you know well like platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years so well uh you know American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you know like you know okay you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave uh like um um bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody okay so okay so. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my so um uh like best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We I mean okay I mean uh have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know ten like okay well uh minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian um okay like you know guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know critical like um I mean uh thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts of you know okay so so contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article go. Hmm But so okay well well is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to say I mean um okay I mean Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically well um like so about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the okay you know well okay history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I well okay like like mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey okay so like so on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a well well um well number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the you know uh well well 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys um like I mean so for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone um well okay okay Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I um well so so look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited you know okay okay um because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real um uh so okay soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo I mean so like so pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey well uh so so balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me um um um okay if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last so you know well so week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra so okay uh like podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly okay I mean uh I mean. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very you know so you know okay well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting well you know I mean okay down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one okay well um okay of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The okay you know I mean like excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails well um um um exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our uh so like you know March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July okay well I mean okay 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded well uh uh so and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart like uh well um attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the I mean I mean okay well division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division you know I mean okay okay stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on I mean I mean so well diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of like you know you know okay the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over uh you know okay I mean the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even well like like uh if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to um so so so a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it um uh you know uh It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the aspiring okay I mean okay well painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits you know um like like places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a I mean well uh you know habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are um you know okay uh discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to um um like well get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names like uh like okay and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My like so you know I mean name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old uh I mean I mean you know Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees okay I mean um like like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a um I mean you know okay lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 I mean I mean um uh 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender so I mean um I mean. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify so you know like uh original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders you know I mean like uh by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from um so um well Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, uh well well like but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always so um so you know this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any well um I mean well condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please you know well so I mean seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to okay um you know you know your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live I mean so like well in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv so I mean so um top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after so uh you know I mean Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and um I mean uh like I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we um okay um you know There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for well okay okay okay us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has actually like you know okay uh hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho well you know um I mean Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here today you know you know I mean you know on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation and well well you know like you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation uh you know you know like and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment um you know uh well and I thought This has been a really great topic for us so uh I mean okay to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into it so so okay I mean because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question like so like well for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let you know you know uh well you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast well like uh I mean. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are I mean um well well creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone okay so well uh or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be like like uh I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make well you know like okay money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a okay you know okay so podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and so you know uh you know Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? um um okay um It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important well um so I mean reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother um like like um listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good so you know like okay. That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we okay okay like you know get into Addresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug well like uh uh or big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we okay um like uh want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the I mean you know um so Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would so uh okay so like to hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and you know okay so uh guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end well uh I mean um of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has well like so uh to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be uh like um like legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing like well you know you know it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so I mean well you know um taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and uh you know um um also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled or you know so okay well to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables us um uh like uh more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem okay well you know um like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how so well okay um the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to well okay well so those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It um uh uh so was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation okay I mean uh um. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a I mean I mean um um comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells okay uh okay well vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on like you know well uh the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester you know so I mean um a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within so uh I mean okay a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every like like uh like living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy um uh um uh if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, you know I mean well um which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through okay well so so the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose uh uh so like if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin like uh so um into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert you know uh you know you know the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble so you know uh well and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas so well okay uh detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different I mean so uh you know episode today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on you know okay I mean so Divani on his total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and so well I mean um cave-ins super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin you know so um like a lot of great people on a show really interesting format and I mean well okay um had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys you know you know okay well here as well just to note the first half there was I think we had some um well so like bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not you know you know well so too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total well you know I mean uh Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of uh uh like like March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in like like I mean so the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate okay well so I mean cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting okay uh uh I mean a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations um okay uh uh and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks like you know um you know quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 well I mean so so seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit you know uh um well. It seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting um so I mean I mean interest rates by 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a okay you know okay um Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret um um you know okay today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene so okay so I mean stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the um um you know okay mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments like okay so okay participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I well so uh so guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on like you know so like my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie well okay I mean well sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not I mean well you know uh reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this well uh you know so podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then okay like uh um he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host uh so so um Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to you know uh uh so talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi you know um you know uh State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did like well like like and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early you know uh like like and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and like like um you know then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, so well like you know they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of so okay like um the time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt I mean um um so comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot um so uh I mean of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions so uh well uh of adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not um so you know well be suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child well so uh uh make up something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience you know like okay I mean unless it's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984 so um so like. It was made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child uh you know you know okay abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists I mean um well you know doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent you know um okay well Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has okay you know you know so been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor like okay I mean I mean Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and finally I mean um well well Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued well so so um at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't complain. You're so you know so so good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got um like I mean you know a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got um um um um three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie okay uh um so and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to uh okay uh okay call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and so okay um okay we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will you know um okay um also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali you know you know you know um A's and this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little um like um like bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve um you know uh um Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old like I mean uh like Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out uh um like so of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering you know I mean so um the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 uh uh I mean okay year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to so well well well a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name is so well um okay Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we like uh like like run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets well like okay um of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us like uh um I mean have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every you know uh well uh Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us like well okay uh so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you you know uh um so the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling so well you know I mean the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the well okay you know so these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called well well okay well three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys uh well okay um and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through like I mean uh like infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is uh well okay you know Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day um okay you know I mean. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going through um well so well infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or I'll get well I mean okay I mean some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And I mean well so you know this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in I mean um like like mind. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you uh like um so were born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if I mean well so uh you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a um I mean okay like wealth of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way I mean okay uh you know to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined like uh okay um by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys um um well um of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All um well okay well right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all well like um okay know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager uh like like uh in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy you know okay uh like sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah uh uh like um goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's like okay I mean well about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing so like like um on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles okay okay so well around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story you know uh you know I mean of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers I mean um I mean um be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up well okay okay so in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping so like uh um to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but like you know like you know Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher you know well so I mean brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou well okay well um shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle well like well like nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the um um you know uh Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them I mean you know so like as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also like okay okay like thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not done uh like well okay. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it well uh okay you know be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where I mean so well um the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb you know okay like you know to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict so um okay okay in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the okay you know uh okay prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He I mean you know okay I mean is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda okay okay okay you know. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the like I mean I mean well plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband I mean you know you know so turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr okay like I mean like. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say um um okay I mean that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with I mean uh well like the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I like um I mean so wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I okay um you know well wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl well okay you know okay. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, well okay uh uh hey they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You okay okay um um guys have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last you know uh uh okay year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure um so uh like but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi um you know you know I mean everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr like you know well like. Munsch. Hey everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move like like you know uh dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin so so you know um Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode uh uh like okay of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I well like uh I mean might have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is well well well uh Sean Stephenson. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here okay uh okay okay. And we're back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal so you know I mean um you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo so like like um little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob uh um um uh Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want you know you know um uh to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We well you know I mean okay actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were um so uh uh like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and okay like I mean I mean we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and well like okay okay people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the uh so so well first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where okay okay well well he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far so I mean so you know if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here okay I mean uh I mean to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the you know I mean so um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools so you know like so that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer uh you know like like. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple okay you know um um. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's uh you know uh so everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor well um uh okay app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I so like like like wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible you know like I mean okay to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having you know um so uh a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each okay like um I mean episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet like so I mean you know a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different well I mean uh um software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to like uh uh like record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or I mean okay I mean okay cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money so like like uh with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better uh uh like you know be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic okay like I mean I mean. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin so well you know okay eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah uh okay well uh. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where are like well um so you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if I mean you know like like you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode um I mean I mean like 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm uh um so um just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all so like well like of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's so so like I mean subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You uh uh like like can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait I mean I mean you know okay to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to so so uh so episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started so um okay well real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built well so um you know plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more like like like um fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to uh well uh so thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you I mean like so you know enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast okay well you know you know. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay okay like you know right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So uh you know you know uh you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you so um like um can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a um so uh like successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at so so okay okay every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the so uh well so value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I uh I mean I mean you know spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times um well well well every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is so well you know you know your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money well you know like so management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this um so like well episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch uh like okay uh of things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio uh uh so you know update episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk so um okay so about We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its so okay like um seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed like you know um so in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the I mean okay okay so opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as well you know okay well a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a I mean I mean you know like mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said um okay so like that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going I mean so uh like to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us okay okay okay I mean. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe uh okay so okay that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit okay like like you know further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we I mean you know well uh can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about well um so you know this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be like okay well um disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life uh you know um well. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild like uh you know you know into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series I mean so like you know is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal okay uh you know so Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see I mean so like uh you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with uh so okay like him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 uh I mean like uh verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried you know okay like well and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against uh I mean um like Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys I mean you know um um know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about okay well you know like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's so like so like free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so so uh I mean from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as uh I mean okay you know we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be like uh okay um heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with well okay well um no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast like okay uh you know in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh I mean well so get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat okay uh okay uh for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good so well you know so old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the I mean so um I mean ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little okay you know um so bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi you know okay like like and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host like like well uh Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner I mean uh so well as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there like uh um I mean done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I well so well um haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms okay I mean okay I mean like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a um so so well way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone well uh I mean okay always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their okay I mean um well taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why like uh so um didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called I mean okay uh um basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and so you know okay well subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you you know I mean well uh add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how um okay I mean okay to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed like you know okay um to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you so so um I mean were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you so uh like um can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in I mean like well okay school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may okay you know like you know find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame well you know I mean I mean of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and echoed I mean well okay I mean into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with her like well okay I mean 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was I mean like uh uh a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched on in horror okay uh well uh from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this labor was so well well so unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby you know uh like like. The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his like so uh I mean mother since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny well you know um well story right last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom like like like I mean asked me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly okay so okay I mean a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast uh okay so okay bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 okay so well I mean a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all like you know like like neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a well well um you know lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season well uh you know you know I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to you know I mean I mean so do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a um uh like like thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning um I mean like I mean on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message I mean uh like okay me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision okay like like um. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to like um okay well get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not so I mean like like ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode well uh uh well 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time like okay uh I mean. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching so okay like I mean out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, well okay uh I mean I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an okay you know okay you know artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot I mean I mean uh so. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also well so um you know delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards you know you know you know so podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First so um like like off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World I mean um well well. It has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot okay okay you know um of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have well okay um well gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I you know like uh I mean think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca okay well um I mean don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, I mean like okay okay this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500 um okay okay uh. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm okay well so I mean your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now okay well like okay dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we uh like okay uh have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he um okay um I mean got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast I mean so uh like with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until okay okay like like eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey okay so well so. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at I mean you know um well Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes um uh well um listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank well like uh well our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a um so so you know podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation well so uh okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes like well you know I mean it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify I mean um like well Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no uh so like so minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in well so okay uh one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get like um you know um started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just so okay so uh want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love I mean so okay well. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic okay so so um. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking like okay so I mean like what in the world does not even know like what is my I mean well uh you know insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I so uh like well feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is so um um you know like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for you know okay you know I mean the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm well um um I mean your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is you know I mean well you know sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast like like like you know. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting uh like you know like. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you uh so okay like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also I mean I mean well um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well okay like okay many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in uh um um um one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to uh I mean you know well get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going okay like you know you know through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to like I mean okay like be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your you know um um well sides. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are well well okay um sitting you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a so like uh so wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in well so uh like a chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees well well well well. So once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, okay well uh uh I want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top now so um you know um let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after like okay um like show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of okay you know so you know War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and we so well uh I mean have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am joined by I mean you know um okay two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up guys and you know you know uh so to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with I mean okay um um yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom you know so like um. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle um you know I mean you know right guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there like like um uh was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm. Amen well um like like. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you get the uh like I mean like pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just want you know you know I mean I mean to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary people I've you know like you know uh ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything. I okay well I mean I mean am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love you know like uh um language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because you know you know so you know full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this is gonna like like well like be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real here on you know um well you know trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real like so well I mean quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you like so so so that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always had you know okay okay so live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew so you know so um had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are uh um so so excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to you know okay like uh clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages okay okay okay um So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are um I mean you know okay and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you uh um like um guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform okay like so okay you're listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well um I mean so okay. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are I mean uh um I mean you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's you know well uh you know been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, well um um I mean and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we like uh so you know did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but you know okay you know so this little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests okay you know you know you know on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of like um um okay the way that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, um I mean so so we're recording the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record so okay so uh the intro this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So you know okay well uh it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this um well uh I mean last step the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting um so like okay service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing well I mean like you know your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've okay well I mean uh got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They have editing tools baked uh um like uh right into the website makes life so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was okay um I mean you know an entire to do you had to know how to record it where uh you know like I mean to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I I mean like uh um mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so so I mean okay um that you can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F okay like like okay m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster you know um you know okay Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you okay you know okay you know could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the okay uh you know uh inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short favor. If you know uh uh I mean you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and I'm about to you know I mean you know you know release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books there. You you know I mean okay okay can learn about both books one of which is free and you can get um like uh so on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you can okay uh you know like get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, like uh well okay dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode uh like well like 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to I mean I mean like uh arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's well like you know okay going to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a okay so like okay couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is fun um like well I mean to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's you know like okay you know your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun well um like I mean to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer um um okay I mean Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode like I mean um I mean. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been uh I mean um uh a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so um like so so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice um like you know um little break in between and now we have to catch up and record so well uh you know one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though well uh um I mean. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in you know um you know well the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, well like you know okay I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming well so so okay in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session um I mean okay you know and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode two I mean I mean so like dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student uh so so I mean Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to so okay I mean you know chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to so um like so introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm um like uh uh from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec well you know uh like board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions well um so you know coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from I mean well like well Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend uh like I mean uh and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock uh like uh well Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for um like well like me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has become um um um you know grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined you know so like okay from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go I mean um like you know any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of well uh uh okay our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your okay so so I mean personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also is so like okay uh our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is the uh um so well founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity like well well I mean is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage like I mean so um and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in okay okay like okay the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission so okay so uh promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises like well well I mean only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at you know uh I mean I mean Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something uh um well like will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised okay I mean okay uh. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that so well you know okay I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little well so um so bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It is difficult well like okay um to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards like like um um the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following so like you know okay it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the um uh well uh disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus I mean okay so so came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said uh like um um this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom okay okay like uh of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to um uh like well gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime but um um like I mean a little bit of a better return to what we used to last number you know like okay like of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn around I mean okay well so We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom I mean well okay you know from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of you know um uh okay philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this um um uh um reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got like um so okay consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working like you know so um of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is okay okay okay I mean contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to you know like okay you know do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability like you know well like to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a okay um well well body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our I mean like um like guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will well well you know um also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help people so so uh I mean in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this okay so so I mean week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't okay uh okay I mean watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do okay um okay so with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened like um I mean um to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is okay uh well well Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me uh you know okay um and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were um uh so um up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested um well I mean so in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water like you know um like everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets I mean um uh so a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a I mean so like you know very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with um so um okay down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session okay you know um so of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee um okay you know I mean first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where I mean like like well we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday um you know I mean you know and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this you know like you know you know little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in um you know uh I mean Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of um you know uh you know your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to um you know um I mean hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please note I mean like I mean well that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in well um um like this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote well um like I mean School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by you know so uh you know the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk I mean uh I mean okay to you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's I mean so so um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first I mean um I mean okay of all, it's because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow okay like I mean I mean you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your like um okay uh computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify I mean like I mean well Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from um well well uh your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make uh um I mean okay a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or I mean well um uh check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you okay like uh um right there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or I mean okay like you know whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where well so okay uh you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you you know um so so do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter podcast I mean so you know so. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name Charles and I'm uh um so uh Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time with added like okay you know um alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 of I mean I mean um so Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this moment um you know so well in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you um so I mean like should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink um okay you know like it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is well like like so Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed I mean so uh uh the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love uh I mean so okay and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So okay so like you know we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part um so you know I mean 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit you know so so so more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting well well well I mean more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and like well I mean you know we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? so I mean okay okay Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I well uh I mean okay don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara I mean I mean okay so and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know like like well um mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of like okay like like Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive I mean you know like well in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This well um you know I mean is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our well uh um like listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the like okay um well pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the okay um you know okay likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch you know well uh I mean sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the you know I mean um uh founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could you know I mean uh I mean turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when okay so you know so all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from uh okay uh well gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner so I mean um uh Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with me okay okay I mean you know as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and seems well I mean so well to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here well you know uh uh Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to get a win uh you know okay uh so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad okay you know so like to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But like well so okay today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked like okay I mean um on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's like so like uh someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and it's well okay uh well very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering SEC so like okay well basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you you know like like I mean guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo yo so so well I mean yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been very I mean like uh well interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one okay so okay so can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like uh you know you know uh Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind well uh like okay of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I you know well um well also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does um well okay like the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like so uh uh okay I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your so so well well host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and um like uh like to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory like you know you know okay verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and so uh well uh greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud um um okay you know voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view like like so I mean the invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for I mean you know like well Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and like well okay um he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep okay so like like thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going like so you know like to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to I mean okay um well listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going um uh um I mean to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this I mean well so you know half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless you know like well like plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need well um I mean okay to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different uh uh um um storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know like uh well um what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you you know you know like okay about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is like I mean you know um the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation like uh okay I mean tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay well um like or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay okay well okay. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more well you know I mean okay. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If I mean uh uh I mean we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright uh I mean so uh now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back like so um so to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy um like like you know to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they like you know okay uh say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least so like uh okay it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe uh well I mean uh. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the um I mean uh okay music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in well so so well the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and so I mean well okay then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest like uh like so today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now um uh okay uh should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me so so like okay explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like like well like from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be like like you know you know heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your I mean like you know like podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in uh I mean well I mean one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now this well so uh uh Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back you know well I mean okay to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you okay I mean okay um all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back you know well okay okay. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be so uh uh like back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far so so well um and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far uh okay well um as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd okay so uh uh like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that there so uh okay I mean that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you you know you know like so. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy okay um I mean um. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with um like uh I mean great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of um um you know like prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic um like okay okay plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the okay you know so like problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't well like I mean well really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, so well like okay it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike like you know um you know I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay uh so you know uh. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to like like uh uh fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that well okay I mean well died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove so well I mean um the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket you know so uh okay. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of so well okay you know it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could uh um well well have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking okay I mean okay I mean idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had I mean so I mean like girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he you know okay uh uh do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? um like I mean like Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything you know um like you know else had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially okay like um I mean when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in I mean I mean like um three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways you know well so I mean of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing uh like well uh the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down you know uh so um. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you well like like so know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of I mean I mean I mean so his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you um I mean well I mean for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send uh well okay you know your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again you know okay uh okay at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one well you know so you know of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in so uh you know okay our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's um uh well well a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last I mean you know like like week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right so you know you know uh in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're well well so you know going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 so like you know like. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two uh well well okay very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we're so uh I mean okay all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is like I mean uh um what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have uh uh like okay different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that well um like so like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go like you know um I mean ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My um you know I mean okay Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is okay I mean um well Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't like so so like know why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, like uh like uh but I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in I mean well so I mean season one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote uh okay okay like misbehaving which is sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of so okay I mean I mean them did murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men so I mean so so complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
