Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show well I mean well you know well start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard okay so I mean so I mean. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic I mean okay okay you know I mean women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most um so um uh okay powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom uh okay you know um okay in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons like I mean I mean so so and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real like you know well well like good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I okay okay um uh so got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His uh um so you know um name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is like um you know like well golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have so uh okay you know um a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what um you know well you know so a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on so I mean um like like all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true uh uh okay I mean you know Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of um so I mean uh so last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division okay well I mean uh uh are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for so well like um uh the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or um uh well like um to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a um um well so I mean wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine uh uh uh so like playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been you know like okay you know so a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone so well you know you know um from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on um uh okay I mean um the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways ready uh like okay I mean like to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're like so like um okay counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking so so okay well like back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only okay okay I mean uh so two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the like you know well okay like Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a I mean I mean um well like crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for you know I mean okay like you know more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March so uh well well well Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 okay so you know well I mean the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my like well like okay well snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for you know um um so okay some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little I mean you know uh so like bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to so um so uh like shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with I mean um so um uh pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode um uh um so you know is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from I mean well I mean well I mean a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what you know so so um okay we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you um I mean okay like well guys are swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or um so I mean uh okay we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of uh so so um uh a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a well like you know so uh chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been okay um you know you know well nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's um like um um like get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured I mean uh well uh well walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I so well you know you know well think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how I mean uh okay like uh to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong okay I mean okay um okay. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the well like okay well I mean show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of I mean I mean uh you know so proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many um I mean like I mean you know good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start well okay um you know um your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and I mean okay well well so you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big I mean like uh like you know on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers okay okay so um you know. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together okay um so uh I mean. Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, well like okay I mean so but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster um um um okay okay Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone who you know okay you know so well is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at the so like um I mean you know national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying you know well like you know I mean to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a like um so well okay wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because um you know like okay uh I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring you know you know you know well okay in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start I mean I mean well well you know this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just okay you know well okay okay started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah I mean so you know uh uh. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes uh well I mean you know well discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution so you know well like I mean for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day for fishing though well so well I mean like. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain swell okay okay you know like I mean. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition for fish uh you know um um I mean right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a you know um like um well spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river his uh uh well so I mean I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger than um I mean uh I mean well a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode you know um okay like you know is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge like well okay uh well part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going you know uh uh like like to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has like you know um okay so infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are like you know I mean uh uh going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages well I mean uh I mean like. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is uh I mean you know okay well the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know well uh okay like okay that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and well well so so so edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest okay I mean uh um okay friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and okay I mean like well like that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast like okay you know uh I mean where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the okay I mean so well like Journey of going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll you know you know uh um so around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six uh uh like I mean so years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go uh so like so well through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of you know so I mean you know I mean lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life okay I mean you know uh like. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told okay like uh uh I mean I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath so like like so um the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough you know like like I mean uh together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the other way you know uh um like I mean tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry, if you want like uh you know well so higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up um like I mean I mean um. Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be so so uh uh uh active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question you know you know okay like I mean mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who I mean okay um so uh showed a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the I mean like like you know um trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with like well so like you know self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were I mean so uh okay you know a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families well you know well so you know. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and you know you know so um I mean follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end um um okay okay um and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you I mean so you know um um miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that so um okay I mean so you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone um well you know you know you know who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more okay uh like like okay than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast um like so um um. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast I mean like uh okay like. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection like um um I mean uh or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I well um like you know uh think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect I mean you know well okay um like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single okay you know you know I mean you know person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like they're well you know uh well okay getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're like I mean you know um uh really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee I mean you know well um so like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast. Well, I mean I mean well okay uh actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that I mean so you know like uh allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an uh you know okay okay you know idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you so uh you know I mean so need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right so so well um so from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor um so okay um um FM to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can well you know I mean uh you know do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because I mean okay okay you know so this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made okay you know well um you know with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on I mean you know so I mean um your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject like like I mean you know like for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 like I mean well I mean um Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm so um like I mean okay joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten like well you know you know okay. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off the I mean like um okay like Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard okay you know I mean I mean like disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is about you know you know like okay well my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see um you know I mean um okay Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you uh so okay uh okay want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You well you know I mean um well just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device um well okay you know I mean is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You um um um um like can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel far so well well well I mean distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it at home like I mean um uh so and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads all um like you know okay like the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a podcast like like um I mean like in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time uh you know so well uh for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your you know I mean you know I mean uh mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk well um you know I mean you know about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen well I mean uh well like Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf like um okay like I mean. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind like I mean uh so okay and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and uh so uh uh well quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she uh uh well uh okay couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we um well um I mean like need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that well okay I mean you know uh. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't well I mean well okay um have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because well like well um you know It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of you know uh okay like you know it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya well um you know I mean like but the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that so like like okay so. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March uh okay like uh okay 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video um so you know well so games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables uh well so um um and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice okay I mean I mean well so. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change well so um well I mean the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase you know well so um well Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to well I mean uh I mean like chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for I mean well well well okay yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber like uh so okay well the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born well um well I mean um as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and well uh um I mean so a deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the like I mean well you know like weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing okay I mean you know like well you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and um I mean so okay I mean tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities so uh you know uh okay will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those so okay uh well well words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you okay um so I mean well so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you you know okay uh I mean well enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast um okay I mean like um that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow I mean I mean you know uh like this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going you know like okay uh well to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with well I mean uh well okay this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric uh um I mean uh okay case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past you know like um uh okay our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track so uh um you know I mean now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're well I mean um uh I mean working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and you know well uh you know okay smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy um okay uh well well the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the um I mean like I mean so easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their I mean uh okay I mean okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or uh so uh uh um computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can okay uh um okay you know be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really imagine you I mean uh I mean um I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need so like um I mean uh to make a podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys go okay I mean you know um so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get um um um okay I mean started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited like uh okay well I mean to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a good time uh uh you know okay like. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab you know I mean so so uh today. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded um um so well so London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going okay um okay uh um to win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for okay like uh um so the Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about um uh uh so uh five minutes. No, well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the you know well you know so well whole thing's a whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about well uh you know uh I mean not listening to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover uh so uh well like. The oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the well well um well well games this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as uh so so uh okay well. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime okay um I mean uh uh game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick I mean so um so okay minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's um okay like so um the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's like okay okay like uh free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know um uh okay like from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can so uh um um I mean be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make money I mean you know uh you know like from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything okay well I mean so okay you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app like well like like okay or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show. Hey there, uh like okay I mean you know how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to I mean uh well you know you know all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify you know like you know well like has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow so like I mean okay you know your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to uh so uh well like listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with you know like uh you know I mean your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure so so uh well I mean to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse uh like uh okay I mean podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never so so okay well so miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 uh I mean so I mean um mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello well um you know uh so of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please you know so you know you know you know find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get I mean uh you know um well cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to well so uh okay okay take this opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions well like well uh um. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, you know um um I mean um we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my okay you know so okay I mean journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers um well okay I mean um. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello I mean okay well uh well and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to I mean um like so okay talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and um so uh I mean like I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop um I mean I mean you know you know who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if well you know uh so so you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one the uh uh uh okay I mean beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all so um uh you know uh knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be um I mean so like uh brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened okay well well okay um and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with well um you know uh well uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of like um okay like so complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us you know uh uh uh so and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f so um I mean like I mean m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools I mean so you know okay well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well um you know okay you know or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be you know um uh so you know heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money okay well like uh you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a um uh I mean I mean so month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I mean so you know okay so I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload well uh okay like uh your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything well so you know um so that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor well well um well okay app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one I mean so okay well so Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s I mean um uh so okay baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking you know uh I mean um okay about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on uh well so okay I mean confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies uh okay you know I mean you know in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the I mean well um okay like Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah okay so I mean so okay. I've like I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll like I mean well you know you know take it back. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please so I mean okay I mean um I will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies so um so I mean um on my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that uh well okay so so you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may like like um okay so have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't okay okay I mean you know so know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a um you know well so I mean koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of so okay uh like uh them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we so you know uh well well are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with so well I mean you know like well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where well uh okay uh well you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this I mean okay uh I mean I mean is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted like uh okay well I mean to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we like uh um you know you know want this to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why well um I mean like uh should you listen to me? So we thought this would be a good well well you know you know um introduction to kind of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our you know like um I mean I mean hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my um okay okay uh well God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in okay uh you know I mean you know specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay you know um so uh um. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I um okay um okay you know see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as okay um like like okay polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga one I mean I mean you know like okay issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will we okay um you know you know you know make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is you know like you know um you know the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long okay okay okay I mean I mean were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on the drag come? um I mean well okay like Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this so you know you know I mean well is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at like um you know so well this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know I mean so like I mean you know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- so um so well okay L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season well I mean like uh so 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the um you know well so well 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is your off season so well you know uh well first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked well like you know you know I mean out and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off like okay uh uh okay and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time. Then sort of you know I mean like uh well like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the okay you know um like uh remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I well uh um um well showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is so like well uh um happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the okay like well so uh swing of things. We are good for real back in the swing of things were so so like I mean okay back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys well like okay um okay a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists I mean uh uh okay uh and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary okay I mean I mean well uh Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're you know I mean so okay uh listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an you know like well I mean so episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you uh so you know you know I mean are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you like okay like uh you know are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the I mean like okay like you know Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and well I mean I mean so I mean give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's so so well so um see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 um well um you know like what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal um you know um you know um trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this like I mean like you know like episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, like so okay so well essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle I mean uh so like you know as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is um well like like like not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into the podcast I mean like okay you know like and then I realized that we have a little bit of a new setup so I mean okay um so here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around so okay so so uh the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll say well so you know uh like this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you have. The uh um well well um current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? Welcome to you know uh uh you know so the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching on YouTube for uh uh um well um you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal podcast app, okay okay you know okay so which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient okay you know I mean okay you know. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die well um so I mean okay in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today you know well well you know okay and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener like you know so well you know discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit so I mean uh okay you know one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death um uh uh um you know from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's so uh I mean okay like I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training I mean you know like well okay to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of you know okay like um so the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places like well like like you know at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this so well okay uh you know little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, so I mean well I mean you know I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been you know so I mean like like running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a uh so well like okay review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw um um you know you know okay to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual Seekers you know like you know okay you know looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am you know uh I mean well okay your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light uh I mean uh so um and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share so I mean um you know well stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human well um um okay well experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and okay okay okay like uh healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, uh uh so so um I am back. So it has been about a month since my last like okay so okay I mean episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement on you know so okay so I mean my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. It okay like you know like I mean all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards you know you know you know uh you know got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the I mean so you know well uh ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like well I mean okay okay uh a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like okay so I mean I mean okay a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of I mean okay uh well you know me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know so uh um okay uh really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear like like you know you know like. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking so like okay well well out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for so so um um you know holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls okay uh well you know I mean. Did we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky you know well well so you know tale. So you create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are so I mean uh um like trying to get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She so like uh um like must be a good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the okay uh I mean so like hell this is all you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm okay well um um um here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips well well okay okay um and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry uh so well uh I mean and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking so you know um like I mean about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, I mean uh so so um first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my very first like um like uh um episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for I mean uh so well so over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to um well uh like uh do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor like like like well you know if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to uh um okay I mean okay make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast um you know um well uh. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% so uh uh okay you know free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds I mean so um you know you know of creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from so okay okay I mean so your phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that so you know uh so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put I mean uh you know okay well it you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No uh I mean okay okay like minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything so you know I mean I mean well that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free um uh I mean I mean I mean anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy so so uh okay like the episode guys shit out in a box and I'll look this way too well I mean like you know uh simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a you know like I mean I mean you know week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some you know uh I mean like uh shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a okay well like I mean you know stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my so you know well like like uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? well I mean um uh you know Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace okay um so you know I mean Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind um um so like I mean of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of I mean uh so okay so solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want uh so okay you know uh to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You like well um well like can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today in I mean uh um okay uh the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you uh okay uh um I mean indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man is who he thinks he well uh like uh you know is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so you know well I mean so you know much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three I mean um uh so so decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six um so you know okay I mean degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally well well like so you know found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could so so so I mean okay ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should uh so um okay you know have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin I mean so uh okay so Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just some boring okay you know well like well guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this okay okay um okay okay it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of well well like well um I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today so uh okay so like we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our like well well so uh conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at um so so okay uh st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess you know okay well I mean you know experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it um you know you know okay I mean and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor like I mean you know I mean you know get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain I mean so uh you know like. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation you know so uh like uh tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know you know okay okay um your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we do you know um uh uh well it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so you know okay you know okay can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and you can uh you know uh you know well make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to you know um okay like so make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the free anchor app like um okay okay uh or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun so I mean uh so I mean solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify like so okay so like. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what you can okay I mean like well so find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but okay well um well so other podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not. It's so you know like like uh not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode of uh I mean uh I mean you know what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain about you know okay okay you know uh me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do so I mean okay um so the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? You know okay um I mean so so you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will well um I mean well so do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to well well um like um talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, like you know uh okay I mean this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those so you know um so like old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going so you know I mean I mean uh to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, so okay okay uh uh oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a so okay I mean okay uh lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay um well so um okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to you know you know I mean uh okay the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from I mean so like uh you know me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about um uh okay okay so Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and uh so uh um okay one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is okay you know well uh um great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit like so well um okay these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you I mean I mean so um you know never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on like uh so well okay Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are okay okay okay okay okay if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually like uh um you know I mean useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for I mean so um you know okay your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library so uh okay like like tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss so like uh uh uh an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, uh you know so so okay everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where uh you know I mean so um we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding I mean I mean okay well I mean out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort well like like well okay of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real like you know um uh you know nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators well like uh so uh and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's like um so I mean um the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody um um well I mean I mean loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I so um so okay so love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well well like uh you know own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay okay so um you know. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that okay you know uh uh well way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast I mean I mean well uh so with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So like you know uh um like download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get I mean you know I mean well okay started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for you know I mean so you know um C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her so like like so okay journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and you know uh I mean like uh don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome you know you know okay well like back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the um I mean you know I mean I mean C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already well you know so so um talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as we so okay okay like I mean breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You uh uh um like I mean come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and you so so I mean so you know fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making you know I mean like uh so love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the um I mean so I mean I mean Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me like like okay uh okay high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really well well you know okay uh appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible okay I mean you know so you know in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something okay like so well you know we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it I mean okay like like like more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We uh like well okay um see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration so okay uh so um. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up so well like like uh a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured you know uh you know you know like his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello I mean so uh like so. Welcome back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What um well I mean you know uh did I say? You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD so well well um I mean. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right okay okay I mean uh I mean love it before we jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If uh well so okay I mean you find yourself in a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to uh um so you know okay please contact drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255 uh uh like you know um. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed okay well so so I mean a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be warned. This um um okay okay like is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really you know you know you know so I mean excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings I mean I mean so uh uh about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 um so okay like well 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some um um well well okay announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel so well okay okay well free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter well okay you know well um to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy uh uh like okay so in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and like okay um well like I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for you know uh well you know uh listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like well uh well like a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people okay you know well well so have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast okay I mean I mean well well started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it okay like I mean like you know. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, uh well I mean I mean well right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you I mean you know uh like okay to those of you that have been doing that by the way, keep them so I mean okay I mean like come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can uh uh so okay I mean be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many so like I mean well well channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of so it does I mean okay you know I mean well the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're um I mean so I mean I mean listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep so uh you know you know well in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All so uh you know okay so right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon um well so okay uh John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, you know I mean so um you know I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums okay well um you know I mean. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's um well okay I mean I mean let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so okay I mean like you know well this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're you know well so uh you know getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So um okay okay like well I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven like like so like you know and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes so you know I mean so you know into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It well like well so okay was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so so I mean so I mean like I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me you know you know okay uh so as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks I mean like you know uh so this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that so so uh um I mean albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of I mean uh like I mean okay travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to so so like okay so traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In I mean well like like I mean the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in okay uh uh like so Colombia. You covered the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up um okay like well so and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then you said you stayed I mean um um so I mean overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina uh okay uh like I mean first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And I mean I mean you know so okay the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not so uh okay like um necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views uh you know like uh uh and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode you know so you know I mean I mean 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is well um okay okay uh actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which I mean um so well you know is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather you know okay like like I mean has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age. I don't uh so like uh so need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's like well um I mean so health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold down like you know okay okay so here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at Loyola I mean uh so like um University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to you know well so okay I mean this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today you know um you know so uh is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you uh um I mean well um to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today I mean well so okay um. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in you know okay uh you know so 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from like um you know well I mean Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this was special like so um okay like. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about um I mean well okay I mean starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the so like so um um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free. That means no um you know you know you know well money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to record so well well uh um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just that uh so uh I mean okay easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple okay um like uh um podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different um um well okay um. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you like I mean like so okay don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to uh I mean okay well you know make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free um like uh um so anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first so well I mean you know well in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of I mean you know you know uh you know you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't um I mean okay well like notice but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So okay okay so uh so before we get into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined um like um um okay by Emma and Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, like okay okay like um how are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much uh okay you know I mean like make sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined I mean well so um well by another and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David you know you know like you know uh. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of like you know um um I mean a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did like well so um so actually say it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite so so uh so uh reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized you know like well so I mean after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my eyes you know okay well I mean you know. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it I mean I mean um well okay was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the you know like well you know okay table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I also so okay um I mean I mean realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much so um um um um damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was to you know uh you know I mean like walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer um um uh I mean um as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is um like you know I mean so Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last so uh so well okay episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, like you know you know you know you know I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying to I mean like you know uh so put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film like uh like uh well and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put it like okay you know I mean uh I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past I like um uh okay okay talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan um so you know you know okay of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones with well well I mean um you know the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA Pop uh so you know well well reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, like so like like so so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have uh well uh um you know to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling well you know okay so so flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do like uh um like you know. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh like like well well like and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise known I mean um well like uh as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's your name uh like well like so Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino okay well I mean so you know tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call me you know you know okay well okay. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like to pronounce well so you know I mean um it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and a okay well uh okay um pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they surged like so like I mean um about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and like I mean like like like there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going to try to like uh okay like well make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over there. So I like you know well uh okay have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad uh I mean well you know okay reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry okay um uh so like the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation um you know I mean I mean so and none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business so like so I mean um News Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they well well so so I mean seem here are a few common ones and how to combat them. One I mean uh so okay well Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might not know okay like like um so or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never um like um um like satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually I mean like um um well staying with companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The uh like um you know okay average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign I mean well you know so uh me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner you know you know okay uh you know of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year so uh uh um uh. I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures I mean well I mean I mean okay in the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along um uh you know so well the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help well well you know so you know you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig uh um so I mean I mean with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean so um uh like okay. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning um you know uh like I mean all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys uh uh you know like like are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used I mean okay so uh I mean with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again uh I mean okay so you know for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want I mean you know like um well to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher so you know okay uh so. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, uh uh you know um I mean and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey okay so I mean I mean I mean it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with you know I mean so well um my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very well I mean so like I mean distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo like you know like so so the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path uh well okay okay uh. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are 90 um um uh I mean you know Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not you know um um okay well last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, I mean uh you know like um March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels so okay I mean uh like like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring okay so okay uh uh break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses I mean like well so so. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the um you know uh you know I mean in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to well uh you know so well them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is so so okay well uh important information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even more I mean so so well uh important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication uh so so you know like with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in I mean you know okay well so the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a like okay okay so okay neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then you know um okay I mean um you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is so you know well well like Series 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I mean well okay like I mean I've got some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen I mean I mean um okay so to and I hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody you know well you know so you know that would be great for the podcast and you'd like to come on well uh so um you know please to give me a message because I'd love to chat to you before um like you know uh so we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline so like you know so I mean Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember people have like you know well you know um things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to I mean um so I mean you know exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline okay okay so um so personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am like um well like I mean your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the so like okay um um beginning of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional like you know you know well so mental health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you you know okay like uh so need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've uh like like you know I mean got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland I mean uh so I mean okay. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the like uh you know uh well athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is you know I mean so like you know expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for you know I mean um uh like the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start well so uh I mean like. I wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about well well like um uh this new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going okay I mean well well I mean forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was you know so well like so formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget I mean I mean like um like before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not okay um so okay okay yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to I mean I mean I mean like uh our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and like uh I mean uh um helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be well uh you know like um for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected so okay um uh uh those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional like I mean um well like Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety um you know well okay you know across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope like like you know like like you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to so like like well well lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night. He was so I mean so uh so filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows okay okay you know well I mean foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed well um um you know uh to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the well I mean you know like uh global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features uh well you know well um marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the like uh like well like Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you like okay I mean uh so back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be you know uh um well um talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I like you know I mean uh I mean took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man like well um so so. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't I mean uh okay like well expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge uh I mean okay so I mean crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older um you know um well so than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better so well you know like um best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place I mean um like um like where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of well okay well you know so Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we so you know well well you know just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far um um you know so I mean as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck well so so um you know ran out of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy you know well um okay well. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like okay so uh you know talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I well well you know so um have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and okay um um well okay ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And uh okay uh I mean I mean as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we actually well um okay um uh didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly slap okay you know okay um you know cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show. Yes you know uh I mean um uh. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded like I mean well uh you know it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys like um um uh like tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and I mean so um um okay podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists I mean well I mean I mean you know on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you well like um so um know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued well uh like um I mean cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on so uh so okay um what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and you know so uh uh um everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on their uh um um uh so projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day or weeks on so like well I mean you know end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers producers or cinematographers so um uh well um. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the project we talked about so um like like okay a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is okay like um uh okay what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film I mean um okay uh um and television the podcast will talk about color from time to time, but like um okay I mean um it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop okay well uh okay so Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming well uh like okay you know out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason so so you know so I mean Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that I mean well I mean well well was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his I mean like uh like um fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say I mean I mean uh like I mean is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We I mean uh you know you know you know this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it has okay I mean well well okay to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man uh like I mean um you know he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to well you know well well um make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get um like uh you know so anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to I mean I mean um you know um record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will like um okay um uh also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple so uh well you know you know podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no well so okay like I mean minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor so I mean like you know like app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored like I mean um um uh on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be you know like so like well immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but uh like well uh um four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this uh well you know like uh is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the I mean like uh okay um beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something okay like okay okay okay days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following week you know um so I mean so. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them March I mean I mean okay like well Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out so well well like um to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find um so okay uh well defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo uh okay um okay well Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking you know I mean so um uh him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly well like well um uh the car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across I mean I mean so well um the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? like I mean well you know I mean But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting okay well I mean so you know Fiats and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from uh uh I mean so like his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with I mean you know well like okay the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk uh I mean okay well um anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate well you know like so okay shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All like well you know well I mean right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So so okay I mean okay I mean what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back well you know you know okay okay when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen uh like um well you know. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to so you know I mean you know so 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you like like uh okay um Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do uh um well um well you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, um um um I mean you know if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have you know so I mean like uh noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already well um so you know so had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had um okay um so well Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind um you know you know um um of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us well like okay uh I mean and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this well I mean um um you know to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of you know I mean well okay like fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're okay you know um um you know a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've I mean I mean okay well so obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're well okay I mean well like going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of so I mean well you know um pediatric elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur okay well uh I mean you know in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with okay uh I mean um um other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment uh you know uh um um is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an okay I mean you know uh you know serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make like okay like well well up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 okay well um uh I mean 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these I mean well I mean well um are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric okay I mean um so well elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy like I mean um uh okay. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like okay you know um okay I mean to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a okay like so okay you know board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about so like I mean like you know 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually okay okay okay okay you know have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients so uh um like um. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to I mean um I mean well like be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the um well uh okay I mean easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of so so you know well so which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to you know you know so I mean uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute uh you know um like like your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many you know well you know uh you know more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and I mean so well okay okay it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the I mean okay you know uh so free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ashley like so okay like okay. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for uh well okay you know um this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients well okay you know you know okay and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is okay okay you know you know I mean something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite you know you know uh like uh platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There you know um okay uh like are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well so um I mean um. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded you know well so uh okay on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon like you know so I mean I mean anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others okay I mean okay uh well at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a uh okay well you know like lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience okay well uh uh well of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I like well okay so well go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business well so well okay uh mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I okay like so I mean well began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to um uh you know well okay do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely Kathleen so like uh like I mean child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a fantastic lifestyle um um well um like coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to bring her um I mean um so um in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling I mean like okay okay you know to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified um uh I mean okay um to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth I mean so like you know so of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure well well so uh well Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of you know well okay I mean okay two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and so well like okay okay days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass like so so well so Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his uh um I mean um you know right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it like like uh um um going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear okay okay like well uh him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight well um like like well we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo you know I mean like uh you know my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's uh uh you know okay um good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what I mean I mean so so like do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey you know you know okay like so Lola. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words okay okay I mean um well. But um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy okay you know I mean so you know therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's you know okay I mean well okay why I brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like I mean you know so okay so me like I dont limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm um you know well well you know actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, and I worked with um um uh I mean you know dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you know like I mean I mean um you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do okay uh like like well you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much well uh um I mean well stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback okay uh like so well kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the okay I mean uh you know so where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were I mean you know uh I mean I mean talking about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back um well like like you know in. Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back I mean like like um okay on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start I mean um like you know I mean that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been uh um I mean like okay hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we um I mean well you know um switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back well I mean uh so you know. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in well you know I mean you know you know that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the big so I mean you know like okay burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a horrific two-day so um so um so wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked at firefighters well I mean okay um uh and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service to hear more so uh okay I mean you know episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due uh uh uh okay um to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for uh so well you know uh listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a okay uh um okay I mean ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, so like I mean uh like and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started you know uh like uh okay the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now okay so like okay okay I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own like so um so well Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this so I mean okay okay um podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will so okay well so um see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd you know okay um like so like to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes um well you know like well click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon well you know okay uh um is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on um I mean you know uh well that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether uh like so okay like this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much like um like uh I mean for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining well well like um uh me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody like I mean I mean okay um. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what you know well you know you know you know lifted logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets you know uh um so like related we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, like you know I mean like well we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension I mean um well I mean I mean custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over to you uh you know uh um you know can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday uh I mean like you know you know and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an okay uh you know uh so angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday well like you know so I mean was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with I mean okay I mean uh um us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, uh so well I mean um that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity uh like um you know I mean Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't uh I mean so um I mean lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure you know uh like uh uh was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what well you know um so so you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me okay uh well you know okay explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit uh well well you know you know your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you I mean you know I mean okay okay. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you know so I mean you know I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like so like I mean um a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are I mean okay you know well like you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all I mean uh well so I mean have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question you know so um uh well to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well um so you know uh um why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too you know so I mean uh like hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't uh well so well well have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go well okay you know you know like Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon you know well um you know um a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had um okay I mean like uh received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket um like you know uh okay but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport like I mean like um okay. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his you know like well I mean um preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the okay well well uh you know art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our I mean like so okay well industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of so you know well um uh a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this well so like like I mean world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today like um so you know I mean with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never I mean well um I mean um called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? like so uh well you know You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, okay you know you know um um let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is like so so so I mean starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our like so okay I mean okay leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat down like uh I mean so like with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and well you know I mean uh um what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's okay okay um like I mean day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode like so I mean so I mean. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson you know well okay you know so group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of you know like well um um them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie uh I mean I mean you know well at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now well well I mean I mean you know. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip I mean I mean like okay I mean. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have um you know um well I mean so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with um um well um um me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate I mean uh okay okay you know left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having um well well so you know you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB uh so like like okay pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for uh well um um so Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world so um like well I mean. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host uh I mean well you know well other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about you know you know okay well well the start of any number two. And before we get going we want to give well uh uh well so a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier you know so you know so well enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to well you know okay I mean okay their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves uh so I mean like well anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even I mean I mean um well you know the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly so like okay like so CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC okay well so uh so or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your like uh I mean like okay annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We I mean you know uh so like take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and okay um well well you know your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification uh okay well uh I mean from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year okay okay you know you know you know rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when uh um okay okay okay you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the okay okay like uh okay time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In well um uh like you know fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy okay like so uh okay because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten like uh so okay I mean cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They okay uh I mean well I mean are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy um like um uh I mean. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The I mean I mean so uh um run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your like um you know um you know training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the you know well so I mean I mean questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside um well like you know well scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have um like so I mean uh you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, like um okay so like This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal well um uh so uh the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is an uh um you know so well aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, well like you know you know I mean like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before uh so I mean well uh some have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of okay okay you know uh um thing, but they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain so um so well well in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they I mean uh I mean um I mean know that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're you know well okay um okay listening to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You okay uh so okay I mean listen to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining um so uh okay well us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with well so uh so okay Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is like okay so like like a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports well well you know okay um and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including uh so so uh well five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome um well so like uh. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author um okay well so like but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is I mean um okay so like the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically I mean uh so like you know like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring I mean uh you know you know well you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire okay okay so um like you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I uh okay you know well uh just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She you know um um well well just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night you know uh like okay uh toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush like like well I mean um the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and um uh so I mean you know tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black you know uh so uh I mean women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ um I mean like well um Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in well well so I mean uh 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her so I mean you know so well daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today well okay I mean like so. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve so uh so I mean okay a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire like so I mean like um. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many um so uh like uh years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or you know so so like I mean did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about like I mean like you know uh 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with so I mean well well okay animals in general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope well like okay well well y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even I mean um uh uh so introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, like you know so I mean I mean smash the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of um so you know you know like you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and uh well I mean okay so it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm I mean uh like I mean so works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good so well I mean like you know man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something okay um uh okay so about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a okay so um well well skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We well uh like I mean like are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few like okay you know like like here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard like well well like I mean of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free so okay okay I mean uh and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and like um I mean okay well edit your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just um like okay uh um all around hassle-free. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify so well um like um Apple podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here uh you know so um okay and just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may I mean uh so well uh know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an so okay so you know like Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know okay um well like like that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon. And today well um um I mean you know we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which I'll basically kind okay okay like like so of run through what the shows actually going to be about for those who don't uh so I mean I mean you know know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about our community. And yeah, uh um so well uh it's kind of go through the basics before we get any further for now. I'll well um okay I mean you know just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay um you know so okay so or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views okay well well I mean I mean and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former A&R like like uh so like at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us um like like well um 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, you like I mean I mean so well know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their um um uh uh um own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they okay um so so you know can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours you know so I mean well so and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is like um well like like a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are you know well well uh okay looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out at I mean um like well so Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at uh well so uh like Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So okay um um okay uh yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm okay um okay you know like your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you uh okay well well uh today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk um I mean like I mean I mean about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me um um I mean well like a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to okay uh like well like everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him like so well so like on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew I mean uh so okay um always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect okay well I mean like um category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five minutes you know I mean uh like well talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me uh so um okay um for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the you know so so uh you know social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps well so um um uh everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not okay so I mean I mean uh skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If I mean I mean you know uh uh you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse I mean so uh uh um you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score so well uh well okay last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a I mean um uh so um waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a well so like you know you know higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's so I mean I mean I mean I mean a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the like so well I mean you know point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna um I mean well you know uh jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for okay um uh you know you know a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I so okay like so you know had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off okay okay I mean I mean um because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank uh uh okay I mean I mean you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over I mean uh so I mean um to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly um like so so uh awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our okay like I mean like well patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you okay well um you know like awesome content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm like like so so okay so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to so um so I mean I mean hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the um like so uh okay woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward I mean well okay uh so to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for so um okay well um tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So bear I mean like uh I mean well with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we well um I mean I mean like do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the show uh uh like okay like each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going I mean you know um so so to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my very um uh I mean I mean uh own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just here you know okay like so like to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a I mean um I mean you know so podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to um I mean you know I mean uh make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which you okay uh um so well can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record and edit um like uh you know okay your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so it like like okay uh like can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can you know I mean so okay well easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You you know like you know um uh can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can um I mean okay so you know make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably so you know okay uh so the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if I mean well well uh uh you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put you know so uh you know I mean but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it uh like so um well just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been you know so uh well like in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just okay um uh so okay doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me well uh okay um uh. So it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and okay I mean okay like uh play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way well okay um I mean like to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F well okay you know you know like m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free well so okay like well anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your I mean um okay you know uh own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to uh so like you know um talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it um so I mean you know uh about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the uh well well you know I mean get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your uh uh so I mean you know way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard well like you know like uh about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's like so like so okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean so uh I mean I mean or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard so well okay you know like on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with um so okay uh okay no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one I mean uh you know um well place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom uh um uh you know well. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk okay okay so okay um about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an you know uh well you know uh image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into it understand uh okay like uh okay that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam. It's so uh uh I mean you know going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free uh like I mean um well agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should okay like I mean I mean I mean really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast when I mean so you know um you know we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did I mean um um um uh our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both okay uh like I mean you know a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So we're really I mean uh like like I mean happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so that like um like well like was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's you know okay um you know I mean confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one I mean uh uh I mean um three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? so I mean well I mean well How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that so okay like so okay all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like okay okay so uh you know an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current you know uh um you know okay timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of well you know so you know like order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your like uh um you know like life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So um you know okay um you know what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like so so you know like uh medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big you know um like I mean well fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little so okay you know uh so idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor you know well well so uh dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's so like you know like well creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone um like well well okay or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to so okay so I mean okay get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt you know I mean um uh I mean get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and so like like well I mean save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a I mean well uh uh uh bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are so um I mean okay well going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you I mean I mean so I mean I mean and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good like so like uh like thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this you know you know like okay so episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear um so okay okay like up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film okay so um okay well references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace uh um you know like like which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways uh so um so so he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode you know like you know so so 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons so you know well well uh today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk so like you know like uh about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a so uh um okay well very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New so I mean um you know uh Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing you know um uh I mean well pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms of Animal well like so okay so Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of you know well uh like well news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean um okay okay so I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank you you know uh um I mean like a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going to I mean like so so well focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to well well okay well um my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know well so uh well you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously so so okay uh I mean a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host um um I mean you know uh Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to um okay I mean so okay say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on um you know you know like well Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So like okay you know you know well thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier well I mean um so um League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest um I mean um you know okay story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a so uh like uh like disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against um well so okay you know walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of you know like okay okay uh the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media like okay so uh I mean a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights uh so um okay um experimentation and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode um so so okay uh 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working uh so um well so on a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't I mean um so um so wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We um well so I mean um wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the well well you know you know I mean most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog uh you know you know so I mean posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to I mean uh you know uh I mean write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional um you know uh I mean so where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live you know so uh okay so with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in so okay like okay I mean 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 well okay okay well well through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if you know you know I mean like okay the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a okay okay um I mean I mean house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we groan uh I mean you know uh so longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we may not so like you know I mean uh be found naked for while we are still in this tent we okay uh okay you know I mean groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to uh I mean okay okay uh talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to you know okay okay I mean I mean record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent uh you know you know I mean um free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um like you know well so straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as okay well so um um well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast well you know like okay well for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more you okay so okay uh you know can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh I mean I mean like uh you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or well okay I mean I mean well go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just um I mean like uh well want to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones um you know uh well you know. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I want I mean like okay like so to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess like well well okay you know but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach like so I mean I mean like data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for um um you know um so their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on like um so okay you know here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please well well okay um so rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more well uh uh like so teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who okay so uh I mean I mean is has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful like well okay so well students she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on um you know like you know like her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for like like okay I mean well her and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they okay you know you know well uh were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was well so um um um just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so you know so um um okay much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? like I mean so I mean um Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier so well um so uh. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh get well you know I mean I mean you know your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that um I mean uh I mean okay now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into um I mean um like I mean the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a like I mean uh uh so pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You you know well uh well okay know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate so well uh like so 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not uh um so uh uh 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look well so well um I mean point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her um so like I mean um up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think okay so you know okay I mean chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming like like like uh well to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco um um um um like Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack like um um like I mean Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person okay uh well like uh with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's so so okay um I mean all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this um uh uh I mean I mean to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora um like I mean like like El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all uh okay like okay so phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's you know I mean well like okay other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation so so um uh well coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I bucked I mean you know well well you know Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so okay so like you know you know if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you I mean so so like well should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking I mean like like um you know things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, so um so well so this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is okay uh so like well the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the so I mean so well uh Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple so like um I mean uh of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And like uh uh like so we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening um you know well okay so to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you I mean so well okay well for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is your I mean um I mean uh like first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning uh um so okay okay. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them I mean well okay so so you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink so I mean okay you know you know because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my uh um well like so podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely love like so uh so um it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so uh okay I mean uh. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh I mean so you know you know your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast well well like you know so for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many like like uh um well more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you like I mean I mean um you know need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download the like like uh uh I mean free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I okay like um uh I mean got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about well um um you know well anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you I mean uh like uh uh haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I uh okay you know you know well will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools well well well you know you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean like okay okay well your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing uh I mean like um uh it from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor like you know so okay well will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean well like I mean I mean and many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you okay uh so so like can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for I mean okay you know I mean uh me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need so you know uh well um to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and okay okay I mean okay okay night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little um you know okay well I mean circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's okay so okay okay well hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge okay um um um so is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and okay you know like like well it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and okay um um well okay take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that I mean uh like so okay bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on I mean like so well well the John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four you know like um so okay hundred twenty seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in okay um you know you know so the United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one um like um so um. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we well okay so like you know haven't had any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look well well okay uh well going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia so so you know um well from our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the like well so you know okay end of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and um so uh um so outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free I mean like you know like like on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River um okay you know okay so North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April like I mean so like you know 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them you know I mean well so I mean were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here well you know like okay well. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would like um like like well like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from their uh like like so uh experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson well okay um so I mean behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are um you know you know okay okay outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it uh you know um you know I mean is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese um uh okay I mean uh it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. People kind um okay okay um I mean of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to this. How'd like so so you know okay you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's uh well I mean uh I mean not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the making so I mean so okay well for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about like I mean um okay well the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the um I mean well well so most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the well you know you know so well most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short so I mean uh okay okay clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore uh okay um um uh ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime so um you know so like world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify um so uh well so or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will I mean I mean I mean I mean uh be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and John I mean you know I mean well like which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be I mean I mean like uh uh understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were so um like I mean like very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived and um well you know uh uh worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich okay okay like so so life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to um I mean well you know uh survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a medieval so um you know well okay village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if I mean well um you know I mean you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of I mean well uh well uh Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is okay you know well so like Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually you know well I mean like you know knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as I mean you know like I mean uh the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part you know so you know uh you know of said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a well you know uh like like little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have had I mean um I mean uh I mean classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's uh um I mean I mean like kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago like uh so uh well during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to um okay okay so well give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach uh okay well like like. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in well I mean you know okay um having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro like um okay okay you know there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the I mean you know so so you know toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm like you know you know uh you know you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go you know uh okay okay uh on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and um so so so uh we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always I mean okay I mean okay well do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've um so I mean uh um barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be um like like like well your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you you know well I mean well um need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life well so okay I mean well. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill like well okay um um you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over well like like so um the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share um well like I mean well my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into I mean so like um so my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market so I mean you know okay I mean yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that uh you know like well um feeling my name. Is he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near uh so you know uh like the bottom of the mood about to analyze the first Clause of the like so so I mean okay mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And in that case the on these like okay uh you know you know sticks his hand into the house and either places something into the hand of okay you know well you know uh the ball by it or take something out of his open hand and brings it you know so uh so uh out and then D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of like uh um you know okay I'll be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call uh I mean uh so well Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really well uh well uh like three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from so you know so well so a place of rest then to is traversing which is to either transfer it so so uh I mean like over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm um like okay okay uh Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, okay you know well I mean I mean I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I well so I mean okay like work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just so um um I mean um hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy. So so well okay well you know that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast you know I mean you know like okay comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed to so like like well you know get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast producer. How you know I mean you know well okay do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because it's the easiest so um um I mean okay way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free. You can edit um okay like okay okay record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and all like you know like I mean well in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it can be um okay like you know like heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make money like so like um you know with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You um well well uh um can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast like you know like uh you know all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are joined. Once I mean so um you know I mean again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these okay you know um like um episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or uh like uh okay um the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the like okay um well well second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got okay um I mean uh so to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to okay okay um so well hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind like like uh like so of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth well um so um um State title High School in New York. And so we talked a little bit um okay you know like okay about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my well um um you know um mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come well okay okay I mean okay into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like okay you know so well uh Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of I mean so um okay like like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex so um you know uh you know like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where um well okay okay like like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a I mean um well okay you know mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower um well well okay well. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah um like okay um so. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you you know so okay you know I mean for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you um well so uh you know it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for my okay like I mean you know uh health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for like so so uh uh the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing well I mean like so um things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it okay um well like well that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things uh okay I mean like so. But there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by so so um you know um yourself, but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just so okay okay like uh we're just going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get um well uh I mean um what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old I mean um so well okay daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any um uh uh um I mean worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious uh I mean I mean okay you know brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders uh like uh well okay every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some I mean uh well um okay of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or okay um well um well wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case you know you know well you know you know listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault okay so I mean so you know including the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast I mean well I mean so um. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and like so okay you know like naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether so well you know like well technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next uh you know like so okay big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not well uh well so um mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation with so um I mean um like James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well I mean um like you know okay known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a uh well I mean um so number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the fucking well I mean I mean okay I mean word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually well um you know well so is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching you know I mean so like so biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John like uh uh you know okay Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a um like well okay um time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance okay I mean well like um News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season okay like you know okay um of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia okay like okay um I mean that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is like so like you know you know unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though like um you know uh like is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right uh okay you know okay so. Stephanie has a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some uh well you know uh well people may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to so so like um uh lay everything out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content uh like um so you know and that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects so okay like so um and it's also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm okay so well okay I mean a hello an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to well well I mean um so be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for so okay okay well you know you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body you know okay okay I mean so and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's you know okay uh well I mean that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I okay well I mean like okay am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today well I mean well you know I mean we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah I mean okay well um um. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet well I mean so you know well we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the well so I mean like you know chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it well well you know I mean um was there be but it was there. We took the we just say so um like you know like major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by uh well okay so like each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree uh okay um I mean so planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her well like uh okay uh illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a uh um like like um reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people so well like um um who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree planting okay so okay well uh is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground you know well uh uh um day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories like well so like um that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the uh well okay well okay culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in I mean like um like um the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting okay um I mean I mean well as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming I mean so you know uh I mean from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the uh uh uh um you know podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship well okay I mean well um now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a well uh okay uh so new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of where you you know well I mean well I mean want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first level okay uh well I mean okay is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do you um well like okay so want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the supplier well I mean so so you know level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want like like okay like okay to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally the so I mean um I mean uh deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with you in well you know uh well you know this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make well uh okay so I mean sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores and well well well so well actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should let uh well you know um um you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for um um I mean okay you know you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to like um uh I mean um produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more I mean so so uh like calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real okay you know you know you know uh time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't okay um uh you know you know overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more so um like well okay life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help uh well I mean so uh you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach um okay uh uh so coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to you know so like uh you know help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had um well uh you know okay trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word well well uh um okay of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And like okay uh I mean so so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let well well um well I mean It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, you uh okay I mean okay okay want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out so uh uh okay like there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on uh okay uh well I mean fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like uh I mean I mean uh um braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list like you know uh well so given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this well uh you know uh I mean couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love so so uh uh okay friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody you know you know so so okay. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I mean I mean okay well uh I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed uh I mean I mean um okay to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy um um you know well like hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to I mean um like I mean like start with the club because covid always starts it with the club so uh uh um you know. Welcome back. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the uh like uh you know like American Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have like like I mean uh uh one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, so I mean well like uh it's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right um uh I mean okay well. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on you know so uh I mean um Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or I mean uh well well um no. Did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had well okay you know uh like no prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my you know well I mean okay okay irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast like okay okay I mean so we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special like okay so okay you know guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, like uh like I mean like but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my you know okay I mean I mean you know director my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this you know so like so uh Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was at his podcast like three okay um uh I mean like years ago. I walked in and he told me on the spot that I mean um I mean you know so it was going to be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like uh uh you know you know uh shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My you know I mean you know okay uh husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We okay I mean you know uh well are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's um like like well um very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM that so okay like um like is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and 5 so um so okay like p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you know the so you know uh you know you know time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If I mean so so like well so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that you know well like so so successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create like like uh uh uh to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward okay uh okay um okay slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think okay okay um okay well I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as uh um okay um so unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people I mean so well you know you know if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're like well well so like here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster I mean um uh I mean um from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing like um I mean uh I mean today man. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a okay well okay well uh first thing right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe okay um you know okay uh that's case scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking so um so so uh bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us uh I mean um so um. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every um okay uh you know uh time we put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't I mean you know so like uh worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space well um so well so docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering all the I mean like like well you know latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or I mean um like you know um discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from I mean like okay um you know the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest like okay you know okay um news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon uh so okay well like. So if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date so like so I mean you know with all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for uh you know you know uh I mean adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is so okay like uh so advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to like you know okay like okay TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I okay you know okay like uh was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a um like um so okay little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And well okay I mean um you know I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me I mean like I mean you know well out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in like uh you know like so partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero uh um you know well you know to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the podcast that you know you know like uh uh explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games. I'm um well so so I mean Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths of okay um okay uh so One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so I mean like so you know you know like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this far into well well well um you know the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here uh uh you know um like. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is uh you know okay I mean okay part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release you know uh uh I mean uh this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There well you know you know well well are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear okay I mean well you know okay it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going uh uh well um you know back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do you know like well like okay think that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the you know uh I mean I mean okay way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like like so well so like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about her well like so okay you know life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a you know okay okay so uh young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing I mean okay like like like show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and so like uh I mean okay brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every you know okay I mean you know so day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are um um uh okay you know a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names uh okay well I mean so were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters okay you know I mean you know okay were born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and like like I mean um so have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a so okay um okay so country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can uh well well you know like be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith like like you know I mean like. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello uh like well I mean so. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free like so um um okay. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long I mean uh like you know so as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now well well like like um Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word you know well so well like of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so um um uh I mean you know nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan you know well so um uh. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the tiebreak, which you know uh well like I mean is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would um you know I mean uh uh make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if so like I mean I mean I mean technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look you know uh you know I mean uh at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that well uh like uh so that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me well you know um uh well so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second you know uh uh well okay half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic well um uh you know like of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got an email well I mean you know like you know here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since uh uh you know well like late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now uh so uh so so. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple of you know I mean uh you know okay situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at uh I mean okay well I mean a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind I mean so um okay I mean of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told you know well I mean you know like him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast you know well uh okay well for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Ray uh I mean so you know like Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're you know well you know you know uh listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean uh okay um okay okay. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my okay I mean you know well okay I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret I mean I mean well you know so. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff so okay uh I mean you know to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get you know like like um so to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote uh you know I mean um um electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the you know so you know so I mean first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so I mean um like so so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking so so well uh like about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in uh I mean I mean like uh a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were uh okay I mean so well using it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the I mean well okay okay you know league the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive you know so okay you know like. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about so I mean so like uh anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about okay you know well like like anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's so uh uh okay like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so like like I mean uh phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard well uh so so like on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with I mean um uh well you know no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So you know okay I mean uh well download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey well well okay you know um guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for um okay I mean well I mean tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like so you know you know uh uh I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of well you know you know like okay Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a I mean I mean you know you know I mean podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor I mean uh um I mean I mean I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need in you know like um uh um one place and you can produce the show right from your phone tablet so okay you know um I mean or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to record you know so like uh like and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast for you um you know like you know so. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google you know uh like so uh podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like like uh uh so. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um like like so so me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up well like you know um uh front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There I mean like okay okay I mean are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay um so so uh your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot I mean you know like so okay of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast okay you know you know like so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and uh you know so you know okay the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership you know um I mean okay uh. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app so you know okay like well or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart um uh I mean uh so with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a you know okay um okay you know DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury well uh like I mean um lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to you know uh I mean well so the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes so okay well um you know and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today I mean so well um okay. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo okay uh you know okay well. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote like uh so like okay about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he I mean okay so like uh was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the so so well I mean okay apostles. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and okay uh um um well gave many convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period I mean okay uh uh so of 40 days and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while I mean well well um okay he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted you know so I mean uh um to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way so um um uh um possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects uh um I mean well uh are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software you know I mean like so like to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to you know uh like well uh host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using so okay well um um different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything so you know so you know you know we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet um um uh um uh or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make you know you know um um like money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you um um you know so I mean better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear like so so so so from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before well okay I mean uh um now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to you know um um you know like for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field I mean you know I mean you know um but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation with okay well like well you know Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what well um you know um like I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how are well um um okay um you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same um so like I mean okay old same old. I need to start this though with a bit I mean um well so I mean of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way um well well um like to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to like uh uh uh like record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will uh okay uh well um distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such okay like okay um I mean as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you uh you know okay I mean well need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot you know like you know I mean so. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello like like like so okay and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once you know okay uh um um again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He well I mean okay so well is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion so so well you know so soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soap.com they well well so uh I mean make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with like um okay like well and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance to uh uh I mean well well collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time uh um I mean I mean so we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going okay okay like I mean I mean to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any so I mean okay you know okay Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have it you know like so well well wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to like um I mean okay um them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's uh um um I mean like probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres like um I mean uh uh of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah like so I mean so uh. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you um like I mean well you know can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, um so I mean you know okay but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this so so um well uh podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio so uh so well I mean versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, uh okay like you know um please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are you know well you know okay okay say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff you know well well um like. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me okay well so okay well know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon uh uh um like I mean West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking uh well um so like at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, well I mean um like well the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at well so so you know um one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard so well uh like uh a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them um well well I mean so to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high so okay uh um I mean Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who well so uh like like were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the uh well um well like end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who well I mean um um um have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of those Those you know okay so well like students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today uh I mean like uh okay guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the activities you know uh um so I mean you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football like you know um you know you know soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things like I mean so you know uh pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with um you know well like so an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last like okay so I mean well few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of like you know I mean so I mean right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this well okay you know um like virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're so so um well okay starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington declaring uh well like um like a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US okay um so well uh. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing um so like so like about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean like uh so like me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and like uh uh I mean I mean edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you know well um you know um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you um uh like okay uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need okay um uh I mean you know to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to you know you know like um uh do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free uh well uh uh like anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just so well you know you know well wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast okay uh you know I mean like night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball uh I mean uh um I mean and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars I mean uh uh um like session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening like um okay like you know wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for like okay like so uh the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I mean okay I mean you know uh I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the you know uh you know uh you know cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts I mean like so uh well cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in like so you know you know well Ohio Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop you know okay so like okay culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider you know okay so uh so to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we okay you know well uh okay were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's uh um uh um you know a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we like I mean okay okay you know have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So I mean like so I mean so like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor uh well okay well you know it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free well so um you know well and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your I mean okay I mean well okay podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify uh like uh you know well apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can you know um um um you know make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta okay so so like so grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need uh uh you know okay okay to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the so so okay so well App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the uh uh um um like madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 okay um you know okay like of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone you know uh um I mean so did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and so well um so so reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then I mean you know you know you know okay topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl I mean um I mean well I mean goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who well well I mean so uh you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other um um like so okay day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask um um like um so because obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because um um uh like so there it's like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can you know I mean uh um you know actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and okay I mean you know uh well cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode you know uh I mean okay you know of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys you know uh like you know I mean the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own so well well I mean okay Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully um so uh you know you know like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm like uh so okay so John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming like like um I mean uh from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? well okay you know well um So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as so uh uh I mean like this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and well okay like you know like like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It I mean I mean uh well uh is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender so so I mean like okay Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is you know okay um you know like just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back okay I mean well okay okay to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys well um uh well okay Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that like um I mean well okay the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have uh okay you know uh so chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, well so you know okay like as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your like uh so uh like right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you uh I mean um uh like got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it you know well so okay okay to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and you know uh uh uh um I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State like okay well um I mean Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing um okay okay so you know to apply to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are I mean so well uh you know so proud of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she well so um well like studied for her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played you know like so so like basketball NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot like you know so you know well of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise I mean I mean like well uh confidence. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced uh you know I mean well um some really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to okay um like like you know keep going in the face of some situations where she did not think she can uh I mean I mean like like make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design okay okay I mean well so and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic like you know um um okay alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not so well you know um well working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment so uh uh well you know you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income so um you know you know um each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in you know um you know well you know a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to so you know uh well well align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care like like so okay you know and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully okay you know you know uh well designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and so okay um uh okay to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire so like uh so well order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the you know you know you know um like link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas so I mean uh well like this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online um like okay okay I mean Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online uh I mean I mean um okay and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the um okay well like I mean five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year so I mean well well um old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend you know uh okay you know so Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting um so um you know I mean over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic so like so you know you know as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin okay okay uh like I mean just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all okay okay like I mean um wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before I mean uh um um like he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty like you know I mean uh uh fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, um so uh well like which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we you know like so okay um saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that I mean I mean uh you know well GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were I mean uh okay like uh expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at okay okay well you know I mean a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks like um like like I mean okay that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the fires and like well um uh I mean the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home well you know you know uh like moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at home well I mean okay I mean you know with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a you know uh you know I mean you know little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things well like um you know you know. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you so like so well so do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in I mean uh like um like their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam okay well okay so uh and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy well like I mean okay well Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and you know okay um um you know unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were like okay I mean so okay going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story um um so okay um advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo like like um I mean well is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take okay um you know so like your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello and welcome well like like well well to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement is okay okay um well um medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I think it's you know uh well um like what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like we've been saying um well I mean um um movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post that okay so you know so well we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that okay so you know well okay positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really talk about okay well you know so uh something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI like okay well so well everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath um okay I mean like well. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread I mean okay well so so and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come I mean I mean uh you know well to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to build um like like uh um in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is you know okay like um you know it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to well well like like you know feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you well well you know uh okay want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, like like like you know okay what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your okay like well you know you know life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when well you know like I mean so those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of like so well okay well hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk um uh um um well about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of you know you know I mean uh like show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by like uh okay like uh many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads okay well like so like for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what books would um um uh like okay you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well books well so so you know well to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the I mean you know so well uh ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In the Forefront so okay well um like of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened to over um well well well uh the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list I mean okay um like um and I did a version of this a long time ago, which is I mean I mean um so I mean somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog uh um so well well as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a well um uh so so lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get so well okay uh like to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact you know so um uh so that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and um um well so like actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really you know I mean like like um fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing so I mean well I mean um this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the well um well I mean well realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen um like well you know like to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a well you know uh um I mean website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro you know like you know well you know. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone you know like like so okay and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy well uh I mean um uh each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of I mean I mean I mean uh well Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have uh well uh like well tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes um well I mean you know okay on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We okay okay so um okay tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow I mean um well so you know conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV you know okay um well well talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to okay uh okay well like Show Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? um I mean I mean uh I mean Yes, and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our uh okay well like well audience and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly um um I mean I mean uh at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on you know I mean I mean uh well AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is so okay you know um I mean of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should uh so you know well so say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce uh well I mean uh like myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality well well well well um TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me well well you know I mean um Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything you know okay well like I mean in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't uh like uh okay you know also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this so I mean I mean um uh is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right um like like well so. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to I mean so you know like um bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like uh so like uh talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this I mean uh well um I mean show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling you know you know uh okay well. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how I mean I mean uh you know well we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on um uh um um you know the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also well well you know like you know soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I um like okay I mean I mean may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian you know you know I mean uh well a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby so I mean um uh uh hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the okay um so so well other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back I mean well uh uh like to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old um um okay so well aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah uh you know okay like um familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this so okay uh um like but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to uh you know I mean you know well do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun like um so okay uh. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our kitten okay um well okay so Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're um like so um um so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're uh I mean well um you know they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast um well you know well well that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set um you know uh um you know designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians so so um I mean okay about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain you know like so um like at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast Network uh like I mean okay well welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W FP so you know um you know I mean k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the well you know like you know well very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November okay uh well okay okay 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a okay um okay I mean I mean very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well so like I mean I mean well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview like um you know uh um with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very um so uh you know um bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor I mean um I mean you know uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation so um you know uh you know tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay I mean um well uh or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on well uh uh I mean okay Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money um so like okay well from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast you know you know so um like in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot um um okay you know well f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, okay okay so okay well thank you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We well well okay like okay felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do well like you know um you know a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your I mean um like okay you know favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become like I mean I mean so um a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to um okay like okay so them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're like well um I mean well traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If so I mean so okay so you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for you know so so I mean well D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing um like well I mean uh wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode well I mean uh so you know you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a well well you know okay so few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have um like um um okay a mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you uh uh so like you know know across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just um uh well you know so was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be so like you know um so halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready well well I mean um well to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for so well uh uh uh you. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing well like I mean you know I mean the benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation like I mean you know so like of Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your I mean okay um so well purpose gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I mean well um okay um I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to so um so like so be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be uh uh so um um reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we you know I mean like you know I mean thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke so okay so like like to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti so so like so like. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream of you and like okay like uh well not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as well uh you know um okay summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night um you know uh I mean I mean I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we I mean you know um uh um the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no well I mean okay well uh premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing so you know you know okay I mean that I think this is founded on we found there's just such I mean well you know well okay a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or uh you know okay so like sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need uh okay like well well us field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give you know well uh you know um it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know uh well you know well I mean we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter okay um I mean um um and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that you know you know um like well are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we you know well okay well uh introduce each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your so you know like okay um last so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This um um you know like I mean week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the I mean uh uh um you know podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening you know okay uh um okay. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If you know like well um well I was going to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for okay I mean okay okay you know starters and hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke dad's there so well okay um I mean was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting. Well, well you know like uh um that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just like like I mean I mean uh love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so okay okay well uh from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my mind that I'm you know like you know well um out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I uploaded or so okay like well okay about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it. And like you know I mean you know so what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to uh uh like okay you know all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great download uh okay uh I mean um anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question uh okay you know so I mean I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be um I mean you know um um Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit well okay you know so so. Then you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet so okay you know uh I mean Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot you know so I mean well well sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to so so um well so buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What you know okay you know I mean okay up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the um um I mean uh okay spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of like okay uh like okay the mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave a review to so like you know um I mean let us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at so so uh okay uh some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with well well you know I mean so fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of well you know uh okay um cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 well um well like I mean on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation well um like I mean okay of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you know I mean so you know like you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form okay so well you know well. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag I mean um uh well um garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your uh um uh well okay feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how uh um you know okay you know you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom like well uh you know well. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience well you know I mean um so. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had uh you know so well I mean with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all uh so uh okay like ages shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know I mean like I mean well I mean what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on uh so um um I mean is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the so I mean well so you know wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a okay well uh so uh Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people like uh you know um uh are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often well like um okay well cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for you know so uh uh I mean 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and um so well okay uh form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story you know okay you know um well or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray well so uh well um XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community donate so well okay well you know to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got I mean well so I mean you know a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right like okay like well I mean. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy well so you know you know well with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah so I mean so well uh. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney um okay okay well um personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool okay I mean okay uh like Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is um so um okay you know capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, such uh like so uh um he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the well well so okay uh views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners um well um I mean um discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have uh um so well you know but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling I mean like well I mean okay you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he um um you know okay well gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all um um okay like I mean hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't like so so I mean I mean heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me okay um so I mean I mean explain one. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to okay you know you know I mean um pay you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too so you know like like like. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh um well okay uh Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some so um you know well um studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where like like so okay uh you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one of us well like you know you know well has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years you know like well I mean okay. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the you know I mean so so like voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or like um well like okay whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm you know you know you know well uh going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day happens uh I mean so um I mean this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right now well I mean okay um uh considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's possible that so you know okay like well the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know like you know like um well what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next you know I mean okay okay you know year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting uh like like okay um down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were uh you know I mean so um journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in so like so well you know the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia I mean well um okay I mean the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history I mean so you know so well tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or uh uh like like uh wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in okay uh so I mean okay the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that like you know like so um podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori I mean uh okay so well podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive so you know well uh like a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part of okay I mean so I mean you know a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a look at patreoncom well okay okay um okay. Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being lean and that um uh well okay so startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to do this list of like like well I mean uh goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is there something that okay you know you know uh I mean you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help well okay okay like I mean us shape what we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at uh well like like uh Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor ecom okay I mean um I mean like. Subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since um uh I mean okay so we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a uh uh okay well um discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the so like like okay well conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up uh okay you know I mean well from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the like um I mean uh like episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave I mean uh uh uh like fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday you know like you know you know well morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest okay so well uh like some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going you know you know okay like uh to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And like I mean like like uh I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak uh so like uh um out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented well you know okay you know um athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but uh uh I mean um like they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging okay um um uh okay your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much um I mean like um like better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals in I mean you know uh well well American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged like um um so okay with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for so um you know you know well personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to I mean so like so like participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the you know like okay you know you know hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking around you know uh uh okay well his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun like uh you know you know well his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice I mean like um so I mean for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy uh I mean okay I mean you know and had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting well um uh well uh out of the head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is you know like well okay like all about me and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she okay you know like like I mean shared some awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with well so uh um like her heart tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing uh okay so so well conversation it was recorded. Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently um um uh uh uh as I would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to like I mean I mean well like a schedule. I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving okay you know so well like Parts happening right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll like you know okay um like find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat okay um well uh you know magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit um well so uh um with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside um like uh like like podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to uh well like like you know help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic um you know um you know like in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content well I mean I mean you know I mean about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some um okay so I mean um of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're um like um like you know exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short so well I mean um okay clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore okay okay you know you know so ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime so well okay um so world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify okay like okay I mean okay or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be like um I mean okay like posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the um uh okay okay well boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we uh like so so um we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said um I mean okay um so with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but well so okay okay like what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual you know um you know I mean like name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location uh okay you know well well just a block away for over four years going it to the University of okay okay uh well so st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices I mean so um I mean uh in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to well you know um um I mean the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before like okay you know like uh our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one uh I mean um okay uh is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If well um okay you know like you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me you know um so okay okay explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit like so okay um I mean your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for so like uh I mean uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you so okay I mean you know like can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need I mean okay so I mean so to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download so so so okay so the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm okay uh well you know uh Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk I mean so well so uh about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no so well I mean so so over the past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef like well uh well like between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a um uh okay well I mean and finally talk on it. We're going to touch on to attack of a uh um uh well so low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's okay uh I mean okay uh up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland you know um you know okay you know. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past um I mean uh like uh week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in you know so like like so the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about um like so I mean I mean hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let well well like well I mean me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall uh I mean well um okay that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child like uh so like well sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we well like okay you know um are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at like so okay well um least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for well uh uh like um work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's you know so like okay like a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib like you know like I mean um episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a I mean uh okay uh um month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible um well you know uh you know. We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes I mean I mean like uh okay. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll like um so you know I mean be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave like well so like you know Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain uh uh well I mean like cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what so okay like like I mean it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas um so like uh okay and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of I mean um okay I mean uh wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with so um well like uh so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our menstrual cycle when like I mean you know okay like we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman so okay okay okay so complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you I mean uh you know so so about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the um so well uh so app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend um okay like so I mean of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my you know okay so so you know gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I well so you know um so have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our voices um so uh um so out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on um well you know okay okay a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know what um okay um uh so to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow okay like like um so you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor okay well I mean um uh will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple okay um well uh so podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, which is so well you know well well the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you know um you know um so you right now to just do it. It's everything you need to make a okay well you know well so podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England you know okay well you know well. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal like you know um well like Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to um okay um well well Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only well well you know so you know Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's like so well uh you know really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so okay like I mean so you know is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe uh um well I mean well I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, uh okay well okay um my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, so like so so like get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me um like okay so well in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need to you know uh so well you know worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this is you know okay um so I mean just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and um so well uh well movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool uh well you know so um. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and you know I mean okay uh so she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together I mean um so well uh. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey um like uh you know um that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what you know you know um uh uh she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it um okay uh so okay goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just so well I mean okay um making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's okay um uh um okay usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics uh uh I mean so like and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either um so you know okay well. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with so so you know um um a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal uh um well like well voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm Johan and I mean okay you know you know I mean this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess we're I mean well I mean you know so going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news uh um um I mean so and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was like well okay you know uh Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes like like I mean you know uh Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look uh you know I mean so um before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and like you know uh okay um we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I well so um so um want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious okay um well I mean okay. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and okay I mean you know like uh stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I so you know um like okay mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which like um uh like like is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk you know I mean like okay uh about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank so okay okay um you know you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in you know I mean so okay I mean carriages. You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go so okay I mean uh um check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we um uh like uh um are as a church and I just want to I just want to uh you know like um well take this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I uh so I mean you know I mean believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring I mean you know well like well it on. I believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and uh you know I mean um so we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in our midst who can you play so well well I mean I mean my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode um like so um so includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme okay you know um um okay Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in you know uh um um I mean 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a I mean I mean you know you know I mean pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down um okay like you know you know by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from so I mean I mean well well Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days well well uh you know like of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm talking like like well you know so with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national okay okay well uh uh euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the well you know so like uh principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in okay you know um so uh 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of like like um like like the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into uh well I mean like well the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer so like I mean well uh Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals okay so I mean like I mean solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's um uh uh you know well life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made okay you know well so you know with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your so I mean like uh okay morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate so so like like um the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection so okay like uh okay. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger well so I mean like uh Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines well so well uh okay is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of okay well uh I mean okay the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of you know you know well um um the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like okay okay so I mean well to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor so you know like I mean um Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I mean you know uh you know uh did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known I mean like so I mean you know it like five ten years before early because all I need to do um well you know um like is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just well like uh well so click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish like uh um like okay it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and okay okay like like um I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too like uh I mean I mean okay awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have I mean you know I mean you know uh a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to uh like so you know like reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use uh I mean um um so this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the I mean um like well so one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin I mean um okay like um is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to uh well you know so like talk about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended well um okay I mean uh by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you so okay I mean you know well a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me I mean okay um okay uh if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life well I mean um so um. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed um like okay okay I mean everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today well well okay so like I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't okay uh uh okay okay working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind like like you know uh so of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell I mean I mean so so so you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there uh um like you know so. He said I want to tell you about something that I found so I mean so so like out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You um uh well well okay did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I mean well so okay okay I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles um like okay uh like Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a couple uh um uh you know like of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on okay you know like like um Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see uh like I mean um okay what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying uh okay okay well you know The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this you know you know so um uh. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting like uh well uh I mean one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys so so I mean like uh that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season okay uh I mean so you know Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of um okay um okay you know getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 you know you know so so uh 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a financial um like I mean you know you know planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the well so um so uh article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks I mean okay okay so okay of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up okay like like you know so things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety well uh so you know okay and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about you know okay I mean um um an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a you know so like um like monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended I mean uh uh uh you know to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that like like um like okay the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view uh like so okay like Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the well you know uh uh um verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths like so so okay you know creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking uh okay well I mean so The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and uh you know okay I mean um Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host so um um okay um Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor well well like you know you know and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things okay okay uh okay well to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to um like like so so be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk I mean like you know like well through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? You um um I mean so um can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun. You have um like so okay um made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney like uh like like I mean personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary research um uh uh okay so keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed okay you know like uh um. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such uh like so um I mean. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the you know um okay okay so views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners uh you know you know so I mean discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh so so um uh me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and uh well okay uh um edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for um I mean so okay um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can okay like I mean well uh make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you I mean like you know I mean I mean need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good I mean um okay um so Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is you know you know you know okay like wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just um so you know uh I mean money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth like like I mean well you know is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about you know um so uh well establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that like you know you know I mean um the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will uh well like I mean you know be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John so I mean so well you know 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You okay um um you know I mean Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in okay well you know so um my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love well you know okay okay okay I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that your uh like you know uh um joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as well uh well like uh I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down like well uh so so one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to you know you know so I mean uh thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy um uh well um like this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast you know you know I mean okay so. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit I mean so okay I mean I mean your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so um uh um well you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can like uh uh you know um also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful I mean I mean um like um podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up well you know well uh uh guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that I mean like uh you know uh mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one you know okay I mean I mean okay that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I like I mean you know you know okay am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm you know um okay uh like just playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm well so so well like with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you okay I mean um like so is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on uh I mean like um uh YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This um I mean I mean well um is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the car you know okay well uh so where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this uh so well so well audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave us a review wherever I mean well well so like your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So um you know okay uh uh today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation um uh I mean um okay. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular you know I mean okay okay uh culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You can um okay uh like um hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore like so so okay I mean his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but like I mean um so I mean well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay um I mean uh uh uh emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist okay like you know well you know DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but uh okay um um well both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on uh so uh well like Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its so I mean you know okay well cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username I mean uh um like uh saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying okay okay you know you know um and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no well um like well like point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in you know you know I mean so uh facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having um uh um um you know a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every I mean so like okay okay single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up you know you know well like okay Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at okay like you know like so College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions like okay uh you know uh or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you you know so like so so doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is I mean well well um well going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for um you know I mean uh okay today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? um so um so so It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community um like well well um there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely uh um you know I mean okay hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about so I mean well well uh in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I well uh well um like came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest uh I mean I mean like uh way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me like like um uh uh to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation I mean like well okay so tools that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer okay uh like like I mean. You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made so well um you know like it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my like I mean so you know um phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the okay well okay like uh Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an so um I mean well like exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 I mean like so well uh verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was I mean um like like okay said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this you know I mean you know like well to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way okay so you know um well. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise well like you know like like on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f well you know okay I mean like m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you know okay like you know so you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major you know okay you know uh okay channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make well I mean okay okay I mean money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor I mean uh you know um I mean app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in so so so okay uh Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane I mean well um well um Louis co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined so um like uh I mean by Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a like you know okay okay okay song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when so well I mean uh I mean polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap I mean I mean um like uh from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and have well so you know like okay a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two I mean so you know okay like episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad okay you know I mean okay so Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged okay like so so well him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did um so so well uh the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this okay uh I mean you know I mean follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due I mean I mean okay you know like to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode okay uh well so um includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word. Anchor well you know I mean you know so anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll explain you I mean I mean you know um okay see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you to I mean um you know uh uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once well so well uh um you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many okay well you know I mean so different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only you know okay uh I mean well is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you like like you know well okay to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership well well like like you know. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How I mean okay well you know uh much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and I mean I mean like like well Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was you know um well I mean uh I'm here. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all uh okay I mean so um the people who aren't listening in the morning? Good night for another episode so so well um you know of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time I mean um I mean like well of day that you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks like so so well okay for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really glad you know okay you know well I mean you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play Hey I mean well uh like okay for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and you know well um I mean okay give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening like so like so I mean this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you I mean so uh uh uh as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a um well so uh you know 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles okay so so well well to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into like okay uh okay I mean today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making well like well um uh authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures in uh so um you know so autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that so like you know um uh enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends like uh you know so like based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also like so like uh you know sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host many okay you know so so um of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you you know you know um I mean so haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest most so like um well you know efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with uh like well well okay no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you like like so um like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your okay um like uh uh podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other like so well okay I mean platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make so like um uh so a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free so you know um well well anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today so so like uh well. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor so okay like you know you know Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about okay you know so I mean you know you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august um I mean uh you know okay if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and we well okay I mean you know okay certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February. I know okay uh um um uh I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's what we do uh so like like you know but it's good to have a practice under our belt we can talk about um so um so uh that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with the in book like well okay um so because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the guys so um I mean um uh that stood out to you and I put out a list this morning of the five that like I mean um like um the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable um well well like I mean there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but I mean okay okay um okay you know I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast well like okay uh like. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through so I mean so you know so stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time um okay so I mean I mean messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I like okay okay uh uh have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is you know uh well like well from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right uh so um I mean like. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in so like uh like okay the Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so uh uh uh you know like just tell me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection um like you know you know okay of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in okay well uh so okay the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to you know you know okay I mean like her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age. And uh you know uh okay okay as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory and Lena uh uh so well so shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated in well so you know okay you know loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my okay well uh um uh in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I um I mean I mean I mean well rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit I mean you know um I mean like tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was so uh like so I mean asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to uh you know well you know so the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined uh okay like okay uh by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said today you know you know um uh well the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of like so I mean I mean uh the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, uh you know so okay um I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're um so um I mean um your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys well I mean okay I mean like about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case so well uh like uh suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much like I mean um so well for listening and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case so okay so okay you know with you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In well so well okay so On November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence I mean well you know you know um Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived um um well so um a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you I mean uh um so um how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years um okay okay uh uh to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually so I mean um so so be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police uh you know well so uh to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who got uh um uh so well the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your I mean like okay uh I mean bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder you know you know uh like like on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of okay so so um you know her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let okay well I mean um you know me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast well well you know so you know. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation you know um okay um you know tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know so so well I mean computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be so so like so um heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and so like like uh uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you like like so like so need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start so okay you know uh you know your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or you know so I mean so so go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about okay okay um you know I mean Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts um uh well okay um and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need I mean I mean like like well a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic well you know well like I mean including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of uh you know okay okay you know my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had um well like so I mean a good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for um um I mean um uh that. Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each okay um um you know okay other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa um I mean I mean I mean well. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick well um okay uh well listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second okay uh I mean so okay to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like uh I mean okay okay a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to you know uh so you know I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your so you know so okay uh podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and well so um I mean like many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and I mean well well okay okay it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free um you know okay so like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going I mean I mean like okay you know to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen I mean you know I mean uh um to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you by anchor you know okay like well I mean if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution side well well um like um and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is I mean uh you know you know I mean. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out I mean well okay um uh anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also okay you know okay like um has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a uh like um well so phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all you know uh like well okay in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go uh uh um uh okay to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, um um uh you know you know bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, like uh well like um man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a I mean like okay I mean you know bathroom wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell like I mean you know you know like and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with okay okay you know okay um us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over well well well well so I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I okay like you know uh uh came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I so so so I mean uh got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, like okay well so I mean but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a um well um uh I mean heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him so uh um I mean okay Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide I mean okay like well I mean to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life okay um well so you know and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting I mean okay I mean I mean you know and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those well okay like um you know long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified uh uh well uh so nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and okay I mean uh so I mean pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash um uh you know um so and draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our like uh so like I mean Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West um so um well uh if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes uh okay um I mean so and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask uh you know um uh I mean that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven so like okay um like years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert okay I mean you know well okay Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you well like okay like um I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the okay like well like um reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity okay well you know so uh to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even I mean so you know um so a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months like um like you know like to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff uh um I mean you know okay going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to I mean uh I mean I mean okay business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking I mean okay I mean well well for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you like um uh well like know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this like you know well um I mean week because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I I mean so uh well okay realized so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since like I mean I mean well uh I read this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they I mean so you know okay like just kind of made their way into my routine because I was aware of a I mean well so like so way to do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector well like so um um is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it so okay you know like um. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello you know I mean okay I mean like. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't uh so okay uh so eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title of so you know uh you know like the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is I mean I mean well well well interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell you know so um okay okay us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today uh okay um uh you know. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a um uh well like like kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years I mean you know well you know so old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to so you know so well um accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet so uh well well okay player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of um so you know you know so Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become like well like like um a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and okay so um I mean um welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community you know um so okay so of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside like um like so like of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit you know well um well I mean of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules like like I mean I mean uh to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to I mean um okay like you know all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium I mean you know so okay you know account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you so well you know okay well can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes um um um so like to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with uh um like I mean okay your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to um like so like well download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts well uh you know so so in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never so I mean well so okay miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the uh well okay like okay benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel so well well uh okay Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic um so uh uh um hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior and okay okay um well like may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 like I mean like um you know years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open like well like so um reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of I mean uh like I mean I mean these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And so okay okay um so these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are like uh okay so I mean more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less uh uh um I mean well than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a um okay you know well I mean trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at well okay uh so uh lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did like like I mean okay uh all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was so well I mean uh I mean the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on you know I mean well so like the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello um um you know like you know everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you know uh like uh so you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major I mean okay okay well you know major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know like okay uh uh I mean how much time you've had to think about this but this is a new story that I mean well um so like really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you have any idea uh so uh you know um when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured um so um well okay we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as much research like um okay well well. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and her deal okay um so uh well is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy um okay so okay well the most Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money so I mean okay so uh to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here you know okay like like well. I promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw well like like well well a lasso around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what like okay well you know you know you're about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At I mean okay um uh you know Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny um uh so I mean you know to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core I mean like you know uh well values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know well so uh um like what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled well okay okay well so programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have so well um you know um our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from you know well I mean uh so the American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode okay uh uh okay I mean where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on so well like okay I mean the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call okay you know so okay uh today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and uh um you know so uh Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw so you know so uh okay it. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks I mean like uh um like like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to like I mean uh um well the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm well like you know well I mean here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO well okay okay okay well season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great uh um um well you know. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that if um so well so I mean you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain uh like so you know I mean. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one you know okay uh you know um eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can um I mean uh okay okay be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family like so like uh you know require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find so like uh I mean um it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I okay like um uh okay am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads uh um well uh I mean weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving I mean okay well so you know. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it so um I mean I mean um period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to so okay so I mean okay get it out of the garage and having some work done start start so okay okay you know okay. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started okay okay so uh um was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this you know so I mean so uh report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the so well okay uh so tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted like like you know um like it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and I mean you know you know well okay a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or okay you know like uh I mean not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last um um I mean well um page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for today's like okay um like um death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we would like so so like okay just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of I mean well so okay uh its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic um like uh okay so that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to um okay like so um add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice with I mean well you know um uh continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome you know okay well well um to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts and like okay you know okay well now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean podcast this you know well um uh so week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy okay okay okay okay well section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return you know okay so uh okay next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful so so uh so okay ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is I mean so um well uh that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have so um well uh like just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like thinking you know you know um like I mean deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast for so I mean so I mean so you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to find the line um like okay you know well between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if you're okay I mean I mean well you know listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're just kidding um you know well uh okay about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I got um so like you know like a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we so like I mean uh uh don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim you know so well uh okay and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one like okay like uh uh sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, you know like uh you know um this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had you know so so you know I mean an idea one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of uh um you know you know uh talks and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, well like you know uh um you know might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross margin you know uh you know uh well impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model X I mean well so I mean well on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial so I mean I mean well so perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row you know okay um you know okay podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and we're talking I mean so so so like about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like a well so well you know well $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your I mean uh okay so um performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and a I mean you know you know so uh half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which are okay like so well um geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews uh well okay um like. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, uh well well um I mean there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all okay okay I mean um well of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like um like well uh so Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I okay um uh like um think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling you like so uh so so about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for uh well so so like any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or well so um okay uh any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't just well well you know you know well go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure uh you know I mean like okay and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in so well I mean like like one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I think okay well well I mean you know this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden like I mean um you know I mean. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody okay well uh okay okay lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about like I mean well you know I mean the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best well you know you know okay I mean pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time so uh okay I mean like flies when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a so I mean okay you know I mean good one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion so so um like you know. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans uh I mean I mean I mean like Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very like so um like I mean good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation like you know um like um that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you you know okay I mean you know like enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a so okay okay so I mean lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people so so well uh uh say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the uh okay um I mean uh time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by I mean well I mean uh you know the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is well so you know you know I mean that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no like um well well um further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make so you know you know you know okay a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to so well I mean so okay host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your I mean so I mean um okay podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast um like uh okay I mean for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS I mean you know you know okay you know feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and like okay uh well so you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you uh you know like well like want in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want I mean like like like well to get it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your I mean you know I mean um you know anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload okay uh so okay you know to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't you know like uh so I mean heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a I mean I mean okay okay uh hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know well well um so right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the okay you know uh well well rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast like I mean well so well Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn you know so okay you know so money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a um so I mean I mean well podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay I mean I mean you know okay dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a I mean uh uh um uh podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the like okay um like okay more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but okay uh like uh um I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down like um well I mean okay with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and uh like like you know I mean more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the okay you know um you know uh show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my well so so I mean I mean guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai um um uh I mean okay. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and okay I mean like like like me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just okay uh um uh you know listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening so um well um I mean to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you so so okay I mean I mean here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and I mean I mean um I mean okay address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge like uh um um okay and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down like you know so so well the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us um like like well you know from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group like like so well so of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of okay um I mean so uh age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history like well I mean well okay tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you you know uh like like uh get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event okay okay uh um I mean in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 um well I mean you know like over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood I mean I mean uh so um of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to I mean uh um like well even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you know like I mean you know I mean you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close um like I mean you know okay some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come so okay so uh like to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out uh I mean so okay so of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm you know I mean um so uh here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on well like okay you know so this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving well okay so I mean like. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a so um well you know uh feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 um I mean um so so but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, like okay uh um I mean so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what would I mean like like you know like that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are so I mean um okay you know talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk of like like uh uh well the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail so I mean so like you know from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to talk um okay you know I mean uh less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic you know so so well like impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we um like okay uh I mean get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me uh well okay like uh P frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry okay you know I mean well uh. It's called ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have well uh okay um I mean rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it uh um okay I mean well for you. This one's for you man. I don't know not to I mean I mean uh I mean well go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We like uh well okay uh are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap gangsta like uh so so I mean rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast uh okay okay you know okay. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door you know well um you know well - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop uh like well you know I mean Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping you know um I mean I mean you know down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it like uh you know like uh. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those uh so like like uh no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your um okay um well I mean host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it I mention uh well um well so it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer uh like you know um um journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really well I mean okay you know like good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie uh well okay I mean uh Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also well like you know you know well the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping so okay like I mean like people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each like like well so you know week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques okay I mean uh um you know for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective uh you know well like I mean therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome like like like I mean um their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a uh like so okay uh rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to I mean so okay you know I mean find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where uh uh like like I mean their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio you know well um so um help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa okay okay well um so of holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through well like so so uh the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an you know okay you know I mean okay author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find like you know um well you know their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame like well I mean well you know. She is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my so you know like uh like all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest okay like uh like so has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think so okay like like um fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of you know um like uh well DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We um like so so like got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome well I mean I mean like I mean. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha uh well like okay I mean ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation well uh so um um. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women I mean you know you know uh well man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going well um I mean um so to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the like I mean you know okay you know whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? well I mean um um I mean Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it okay you know well uh well was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how well like so um like you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like so uh I mean well I mean. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today so well uh you know so. I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I well um well um you know met let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's okay well well okay uh hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of um so uh uh you know that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get uh like well um well together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a you know well um okay you know while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several you know well well okay you know years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met uh I mean uh I mean like her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to like well um okay I mean share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion uh so so so um. I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need like like like well um to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of I mean like um so well you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we okay I mean uh I mean I mean are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome um you know so um so to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can smell so so I mean well um it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends for I mean okay like like well the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to tell you uh well okay um so that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at Gabe's you know like you know I mean okay and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit um well you know um you know Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store I mean um I mean um so. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today okay like um well okay on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck so um like I mean okay up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is um you know I mean so like actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard well so um um um towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I um I mean like you know okay am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream um uh so so well speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it I mean you know uh so okay might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am okay well I mean like like doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang you know well okay I mean I mean now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about the I mean I mean like well like Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it um um um so I mean where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours you know okay like like well wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot you know like I mean um I mean that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at so I mean okay well so the same time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will well okay well um okay be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work well so well you know well backwards and like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content so well okay well so about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of uh you know like like you know the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode like okay um so uh. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network so well you know uh like. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us I mean well I mean okay okay explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True well uh like okay okay Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify you know so so um okay or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will I mean you know so okay you know be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're you know I mean I mean you know I mean back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated well okay well well so. In the last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going well so so I mean you know up and up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 like I mean uh like you know debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 so okay I mean so so countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this okay um um okay um week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus uh you know so so um is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who uh uh uh so I mean get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based on well okay um well um Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong and uh I mean I mean so uh what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss you know uh um well like failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career well um um uh uh showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, like like okay okay so my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for so okay I mean well uh this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel I mean I mean I mean well you know. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm okay okay um well I mean Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 931 uh so okay well um. And good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well okay I mean uh I mean well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes okay like you know okay like. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure you know you know um so you know as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here so okay um I mean I mean today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the well uh so like you know ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on well so I mean I mean okay the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday like you know okay so I mean after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with well like well you know you know us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks so okay like you know uh know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially okay you know well um um a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin okay okay like okay well safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one I mean I mean so so I mean of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there like uh like okay okay with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others I mean I mean so um uh for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and you know I mean well I mean I mean forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far like so um uh so greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in 1921 you know um okay like you know who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one well okay so uh well of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from the chair uh um well like like and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the you know you know uh like okay reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous you know so like you know okay crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more personal like I mean so I mean uh perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the I mean so like um well cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after you know so okay I mean so all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems so like okay okay you know impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So uh so okay um you know you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us okay I mean so like um go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Thank like like so I mean you know you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty okay okay okay okay um Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who well I mean uh like I mean dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced uh uh uh so okay. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be a I mean um well well I mean bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was well um okay like I mean just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with you know like I mean you know well a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out like like um um uh while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again I mean I mean you know well uh is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie I mean you know okay like like. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My uh you know um uh I mean name is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my uh um so like so gosh. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh uh like I mean like um my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to I mean uh like you know um see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing so um you know well okay the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also okay like uh like you know talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields uh so well okay like. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring um I mean I mean so I mean other artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this well um uh so you know podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's uh um okay you know uh talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety um so like so uh dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since okay you know uh well you know 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go you know like uh um so beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the you know okay like I mean okay record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until uh um so um so now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to like so like um um those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of so um so um I mean challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with you know so I mean well okay enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I well like I mean like um go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business you know well um uh I mean mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my I mean well uh um so podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do okay like well okay uh it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so uh like okay um so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My well I mean uh so well name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the you know so so um um thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on um I mean uh so I mean you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, uh well um I mean um why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't I mean well so like well have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the you know like uh okay I mean guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be well so okay like okay nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great okay um okay so you know show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market okay I mean like you know well today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this uh okay uh like uh chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two I mean um uh okay uh episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars you know okay I mean uh well 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's well uh like um uh the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store almost uh well you know like um five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like I mean so well like okay a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that well I mean um I mean like oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for so well well um well the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've like okay like you know you know ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its so I mean uh you know um heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from I mean um you know okay you know history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all I mean um okay okay um the way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a okay you know so um like brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists like uh you know well you know name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl like um uh so uh. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only you know well you know uh I mean schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted well um like well you know to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our uh uh you know uh I mean podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires like okay you know so okay you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God um like well so so is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here like uh okay well um today and I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to you know um well like you know read the scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and well you know okay I mean uh we'll take it slow. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter I mean like um so I mean 11. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The you know like like so okay Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to well you know I mean um uh this audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an you know okay okay okay um interactive online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and okay um you know uh like curate online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology um okay um I mean uh club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of you know like uh so okay these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested like okay so so I mean in interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the uh like okay like I mean notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our okay well you know you know I mean club what we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I okay so uh okay well wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest um uh so I mean I mean way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are um um you know like well actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software I mean um okay uh uh to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host uh well uh you know um the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also I mean like I mean you know um using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me you know like um uh so everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either like so so um I mean from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity uh um so like well to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own well um okay like so podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to uh like like you know so Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that I mean like I mean well okay the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way you know so well okay well to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for um okay well okay uh free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can um you know uh um well use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow so okay I mean uh um you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will uh well you know so um help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like I mean uh like so uh we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You like um um okay like can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no minimum uh I mean so uh you know listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond you know you know okay okay okay farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar okay I mean you know I mean you know has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean kind you know I mean uh like well of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable you know um um uh so as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between okay okay um um um Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and uh okay um so um holler Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're okay uh okay I mean well going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite well well well uh so bits. I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind okay you know uh uh you know of I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development like like so I mean like goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin um well you know um um here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's well you know uh I mean okay STG talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years uh so uh well so to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 um you know you know so so years in advance for a population 25 years later and you know similar to what so you know okay so I mean many things happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then okay like okay I mean well it doesn't end up working out for object data is currently a PhD um I mean um um you know student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD okay like I mean I mean um Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our so uh so um I mean show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was I mean so uh so so in a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business okay uh um so I mean and I had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think I mean so okay so uh it was in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to well I mean like uh so you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started like um well well um a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the um uh like um uh ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my um you know uh I mean I mean life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything so like um well um I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way you know you know okay okay uh more than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could like well well um well have ever asked for us in a way that I did ask for saying that like you know um uh okay it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you well like you know um uh know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t okay um I mean well well have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is you know well okay um you know because we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then like okay so well you know we walking apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when um like like okay well you ask that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it um so so like uh. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't I mean um I mean well like enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter okay like uh I mean well can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool so um like like um and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm you know uh you know so well your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina like uh I mean okay uh is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing uh like like I mean you know so that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have uh okay you know um uh brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit so um you know um um Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen uh so like um okay this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a like okay like okay I mean good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model. It's so like um I mean well actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and now um well okay well so what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, um okay I mean okay um you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and I mean so well you know okay are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting uh so I mean you know so me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here okay uh um well so again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big so uh well you know okay before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode uh uh well you know okay of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My um um okay well um name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to so you know you know um uh be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in I mean like like uh uh a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to like you know like um so talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this like okay um I mean um to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf uh well like okay you know at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box um well um I mean you know the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and uh like you know okay um it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream so like um um like of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about anchor uh well like well okay our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a I mean uh so you know you know good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you so I mean well uh like can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record okay like I mean like okay and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as uh okay I mean okay well good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have so okay you know okay you know recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can so so well uh you know Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make well okay uh well so easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No okay you know uh like I mean minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah um like like so so Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would I mean so okay like uh be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl I mean well like I mean you know was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with uh so I mean so I mean a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile so like you know okay okay bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead I mean um so like so as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as so you know okay okay well she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into like I mean well I mean okay view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge um like okay I mean so was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night I mean well okay uh you know toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little uh um uh I mean okay circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about so I mean um like so a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene I mean uh uh okay I mean. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called like like well okay like the palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene I mean okay okay um uh was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of um um so you know so the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene okay well okay you know well was the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, I mean well um so so it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships you know so uh uh you know are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this so you know okay I mean like is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together okay uh you know so you know and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're I mean you know well okay you know going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a so uh so okay well salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats I mean so uh okay you know. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going I mean like okay like like to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is okay well okay like uh City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to like well um okay like give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give uh uh so you know okay us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so um uh I mean uh you know excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do so I mean okay well um it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording okay uh like um uh platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed so you know so well uh you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out uh like well uh like anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This so well like you know I mean segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig okay like I mean uh you know out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save so like like like so 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film uh you know you know you know so podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of like so I mean you know you know the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City so you know I mean um um office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has you know uh so well okay to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen I mean um I mean um so that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of I mean um okay so you know in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to um okay so okay well write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and um so okay um so you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My uh I mean you know well uh audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around you know like I mean okay okay in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I like so so I mean uh cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts so uh okay well uh a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a lot of like well uh okay you know ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host so like um you know like future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's going to I mean uh you know well okay join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody our little silver. How you know like okay um um you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil. Dad. I well okay well so you know feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come back and relax at uh you know you know okay I mean home. All right, so What do you think the goal is for the like um like you know okay podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me try I mean I mean um so uh to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out as a like um you know uh okay meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just like you know like you know you know talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you um like so okay like follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you like um I mean you know well become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to like um you know well okay them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling um okay so like so and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done like so I mean okay uh so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h I mean okay you know um like or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it um I mean um uh I mean with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular Mom. I'm uh so you know well you know a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had some shit uh I mean you know you know well on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of like you know I mean so I mean which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really you know uh so you know okay long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here and um I mean okay uh uh a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I so okay so I mean I mean have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One I mean um um you know um of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds well like I mean well well of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it well like well so well hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let uh like okay um okay out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly you know I mean uh like I mean. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic um um you know so uh display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that I mean okay you know uh um takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about a uh so so you know I mean few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and earlier this uh okay um um I mean week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting the full you know uh like okay uh week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple reason really I well uh so okay so just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys have certain schedules I mean so well I mean I mean work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that you um like like okay um can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is so well well like you know how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan um okay like okay okay your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying um um well okay um to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the okay you know okay like so purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make well okay like well uh a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow like well okay well okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor okay so uh well uh would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a um I mean uh um like podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership uh okay uh well well. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app well like uh uh so. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of I mean uh you know well okay 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another I mean uh so okay okay edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century you know okay I mean well so BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat uh well uh so um outfits of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode like I mean okay so so and want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check uh like um like so out par cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park okay okay um okay you know asked shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free um so okay okay um on Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public um um well so you know education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, you know so uh um uh Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing so I mean um um um we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think well like you know you know you know hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here okay uh you know I mean like with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be well well I mean uh uh talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has been like like um well well showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app so like well okay well and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given uh so um uh well a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams well you know okay um I mean you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so well uh um um you know a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song I mean okay you know like uh Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast like um okay uh well dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the I mean like I mean well I mean second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still trying you know I mean okay um uh to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad editing in well so um so well places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, I mean well um um so let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent news like uh so so like and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest uh you know uh uh uh of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks okay you know okay you know uh of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them uh okay um okay so as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic I mean uh you know well I mean Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from well well I mean okay um gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll okay you know so well so probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This so uh I mean I mean okay week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today well okay well so so and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development okay okay uh you know uh productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work like like so um like and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom well um you know I mean okay. App and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our content plan by okay okay well you know uh Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira so so like like I mean is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth uh um you know um uh of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all in so well so you know you know you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the quote I mean um I mean you know like give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern like well um um you know state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet deep like I mean like so I mean outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof watching the uh I mean um you know uh wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Hat as it um okay I mean like okay went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that hat is very well you know okay I mean uh sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around the corner of the so I mean uh uh you know house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes you know okay like you know like the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept I mean you know um well I mean his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating like so you know well so back down again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of you know so you know you know you know the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura like I mean you know well so and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura well uh um like okay and Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you uh you know well I mean you know just stumble in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was you know I mean uh I mean um like a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know you know you know you know so you know something if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're um so like so okay on Mount Olympus and it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas well uh uh um okay of the day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and you know um I mean well you know then we just fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how uh like I mean okay uh people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't well okay so you know so you don't you must have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a like um okay okay I mean part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're I mean so well so you know talking about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the I mean um so like um Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we um um you know um um are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to so um um well um sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such uh like so okay uh a high intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into I mean uh so so um the podcast. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember okay okay I mean you know so if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your okay uh uh um like questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I so like so I mean uh did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water I mean I mean I mean so so went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again well like like you know um and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you well like like like uh about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's I mean okay you know so so free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um well okay you know you know right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no so okay uh um I mean minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be well okay well you know I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in uh well like I mean I mean one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have uh well okay like uh a special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My like uh um uh so name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So like you know like okay okay Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I uh like you know you know okay mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like okay you know you know um like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I like you know I mean well um recommended that I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is so okay so um I mean going to listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced so I mean I mean um I mean at American Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I so okay um well um say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday uh you know you know you know um. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the um you know you know okay you know Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name you know so like uh you know is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've I mean um okay like like got a good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about well okay okay um uh the news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games I mean okay um I mean uh and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda uh so well okay okay A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited well you know so you know so. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz so uh well so you know he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror um um um like okay version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that so well well well well all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the uh okay I mean um well Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we I mean you know um I mean I mean make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly well well uh so like. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop well you know so okay so on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let like so uh well like me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools uh well so you know I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay I mean uh I mean you know computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify you know so okay you know well Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast well I mean I mean I mean um with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in um um like I mean you know one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to um okay okay uh uh get started today. Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in you know so like I mean I mean a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name um uh I mean well um is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and um uh well okay so YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the like okay um you know uh opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to like um okay um okay and in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting well like okay well you know race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we so so okay okay okay have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that so so well uh so. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I you know I mean well I mean well finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just uh you know I mean um like have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a uh you know well so well class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've you know uh okay um okay finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday well uh um um I mean Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was like the most like you know I mean uh you know stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, so uh uh I mean um but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of the way so okay um um you know especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about okay um well like well Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and uh like you know I mean uh one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that okay so like you know okay is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit I mean okay I mean you know like these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never well uh I mean like you know miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram uh you know uh I mean um and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are you know I mean like so like if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is so you know well you know like actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your I mean I mean so okay um favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, okay you know uh like well make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of well so okay well uh optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody you know I mean you know um um Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take I mean well so I mean um any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey um well uh you know okay Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean um well you know uh you know so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to you know so so uh uh since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the um you know like like okay tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I okay I mean you know I mean so don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say well uh uh well you know. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty you know so I mean I mean well cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really I mean uh like okay okay cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now well like uh uh well look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show and um okay you know uh I mean guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Hills so so I mean well well. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one well I mean I mean you know you know. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do um like okay okay uh this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my um you know um like like love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big so you know uh I mean like Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school well well so I mean I mean. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you you know well so um well your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are well um I mean um you know you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel you know I mean well uh um like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for months like I mean okay you know well before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and uh I mean you know um okay I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and like so like um well distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will I mean you know I mean well okay do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all I mean well um okay okay of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that you know um like um so you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need to you know um well like um do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like um well well so dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check uh like uh you know so it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on you know like uh like so Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So you know um okay um um for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original so okay you know you know okay old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of uh so so uh uh my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw in like uh you know like okay the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was about nine or uh I mean you know I mean like ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned well you know well so like out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as um you know well well well I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go um so well okay so beyond just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our you know okay uh well um time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm you know like you know I mean well going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And it um well like like well means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for a um okay well um uh long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our life and you know I mean so I mean like so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that story and okay so I mean okay like memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going to uh well well I mean like have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing um like like so I mean stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness okay I mean like so okay of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me um um uh uh like not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's I mean okay well you know so exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that I mean uh well like I mean explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television so uh well okay okay telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone like you know like you know um exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and like so okay you know okay turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's I mean um well you know so most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not I mean okay I mean uh I mean best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm like you know um so okay Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about well um okay like uh how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a you know like I mean um okay lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's been okay well I mean so uh a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time with you half an okay uh you know well well hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's you know you know you know like um honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you really uh I mean well you know so leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt well okay well um like already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's spaghetti like well like like uh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on my um like so I mean well jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same so um um um um scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just like so like so like gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? uh well um okay you know Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show uh you know so I mean well start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a um you know uh well well little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day okay I mean so you know uh we talk about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible uh so okay uh I mean artist who overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born so you know like okay uh to a poor family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different okay uh you know I mean uh from other kids because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold I mean like you know so um Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close so I mean I mean okay I mean using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try okay so okay okay okay to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going okay you know like I mean you know on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this I mean um uh um uh podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that like I mean okay like so being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite I mean I mean okay I mean I mean the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to uh okay okay so uh grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder uh okay okay you know like that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our you know I mean like so so backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons the so like okay like well music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So okay um uh I mean I mean a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose you know well okay so like and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a well um like like so lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away okay um uh well uh no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners you know um so uh um at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So yeah uh okay um like so. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead um I mean you know like um studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's I mean okay okay um uh perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I so you know like I mean like said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast back well okay well uh well on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool thing like uh um like okay right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their products well so so you know so to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like questions things so um okay okay so like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply of some okay okay okay like like CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some okay okay okay so I mean testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to like you know uh like you know the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page um well um so like and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products I mean I mean I mean well okay before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products so okay okay um well. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe okay like so uh like there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is you know um okay so like better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love you um okay um like I mean catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope well um okay uh well is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to uh you know uh um you know drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach um you know like so well to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life so uh uh well well. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that you know so um like so is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop uh you know well well okay you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me I mean um uh so I mean explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit so you know uh uh like your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast I mean I mean okay uh I mean for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more like well uh like you know you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to okay I mean um so you know make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that you know so like I mean well day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending well okay okay like I mean messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the okay I mean I mean you know like series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I you know like uh um I mean wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, so like like like I mean but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should I mean you know you know well well talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not uh so so um well just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made uh um well I mean like me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut so so okay you know you know down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in well so so uh well their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you um uh I mean uh I mean grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of you know you know so well okay relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still you know well okay you know uh learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the I mean you know like like so girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout um you know I mean well so out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I I mean like so um okay love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a you know I mean um so well shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that is uh okay like uh well on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like so um well uh you know a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood um so okay I mean well forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it um like well okay like anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on like so like well like them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff I mean so well uh uh here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited like uh so I mean you know about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind you know okay uh you know okay of the one of the the first like not real episode, but kind of now so um um um I mean diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going to talk about well like like so I mean besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that you know you know like so uh this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll okay um I mean like like dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference um you know you know I mean so between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So so so well uh uh I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came well well like so well up with one more thing about what we came up with what we what we have well okay you know uh well found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about I mean like okay um well the anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way like you know well um well to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor well um you know you know like for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You okay you know I mean okay so don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's so uh okay okay like creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right you know um I mean uh okay from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your like you know so um uh podcast for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard uh uh well like okay on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your like uh okay you know so podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or I mean so I mean you know you know go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read I mean like so uh uh and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your um you know um well uh spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of uh I mean well like so Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want I mean like like so uh to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all like like okay um um levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing okay I mean uh uh you know meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a uh well okay like well heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's um um you know uh well okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just uh well um I mean well keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I uh I mean so well well got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first like you know okay okay well episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is um you know I mean uh like we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit like so well uh well us - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of uh well okay you know uh the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, I mean you know I mean like I mean welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the um um like like okay entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank okay like okay you know okay you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by okay you know like okay well its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to like so so so uh Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot okay so uh well so of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work well like so okay like. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun so I mean I mean um um start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same team like well um well you know record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end you know well well you know I mean of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want to well so okay um um see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last I mean like you know okay okay year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on uh okay so you know okay the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here well I mean okay um I mean with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good like um um I mean uh. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we you know uh uh well well would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation I mean like um like so. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack like okay uh you know um. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? you know I mean uh like so All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't I mean well well like you know really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, I mean you know you know um I mean you know, obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been you know you know you know okay you know just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess I mean I mean like okay well one thing that I've you know kind of felt happy about is like, you I mean I mean you know um um know people, you know accepting me for who I am because yeah, you know in case I mean I mean um uh okay you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want um like so well uh to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm okay I mean like you know well not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links uh I mean well well so up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest uh okay um well well thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free um well so well um anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this well um um okay so episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire I mean uh okay um you know. I am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story you know okay you know well okay time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the uh like like I mean well supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share okay um like uh uh a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at um so okay um so gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're okay like uh you know uh going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting I mean okay like um you know is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro like well um uh so and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick like um okay I mean um a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race okay like okay okay okay with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I I mean uh um so well was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there uh okay so um um because they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the uh so um uh okay race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being um uh uh um okay free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and I mean like so uh uh one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over you know like I mean uh uh hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum well okay um so okay bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got well you know okay you know um a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong okay well well like I mean game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll you know like I mean I mean okay has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is uh so well uh you know gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could uh um well uh well win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then well um uh like uh we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about uh like uh so okay the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit uh uh um like uh. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into so like uh like I mean it Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and well well you know like so new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now well uh I mean uh uh today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing so I mean well okay well show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside well well well I mean um and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this week uh you know like uh okay. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari well um um okay uh. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in uh like like uh like a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full I mean you know well okay like of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would uh well like um uh change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going okay uh I mean uh like to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the okay so so you know you know coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the well like so so like conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes so well okay well I mean About it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of okay you know well you know so Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you okay okay you know like okay know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back so okay well so um to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics including um uh um you know uh our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here like um so well like spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking up, we're like so uh well okay discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class as we well okay so like well get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty okay okay like I mean you know funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller um so well I mean I mean. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least so so well I mean okay one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us so I mean I mean like so today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview so I mean I mean so like. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in our um like so uh so normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but bear uh like uh you know uh with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even uh well so okay well Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track uh uh you know well well office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first we're you know I mean okay um uh podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and I mean like well I mean well a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was okay you know uh okay so a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof okay you know okay okay okay. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which like like uh uh so was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being well you know well I mean like students not our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could um you know you know so you know win and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm okay I mean okay um so not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to well uh um okay so kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads um I mean uh um well. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand uh I mean well so so dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting um I mean like um uh down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're okay I mean I mean well I mean going back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch uh I mean I mean well uh and charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington uh you know like I mean um for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our like okay I mean um you know March Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In like okay so so like a Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the um like um like like bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about so I mean I mean I mean like the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter well um well you know so extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where um um you know I mean so to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for I mean like so okay so you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter uh well like like okay extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it probably um um like you know well day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't teach well um like so so it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically I mean um like uh I mean the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or um you know um uh so throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today um um okay well like in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an um uh so so I mean Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards well um um like I mean and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and I mean like so you know I mean there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings so I mean I mean you know I mean characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today well you know well so I mean you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to I mean um um um like get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now I mean like I mean you know I mean everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get like so okay okay like you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so um okay like like you know 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your everyday so I mean so um so positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with so okay like well like you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You so um okay um so got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please take I mean I mean well you know uh a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much like like uh like like for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and so okay so like um that you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully um okay well okay you know I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's okay you know you know um I mean episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the so you know um uh like very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media okay like you know okay I mean for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast so like you know okay well God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I so well I mean you know uh remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I like well okay um like was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today you know well I mean you know I mean we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of well I mean so so so Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we uh so you know okay uh mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, okay so you know okay I mean and we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times okay so uh you know okay going. Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have well um you know you know well big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying I mean you know like so so to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast like uh well okay you know episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for okay uh well you know okay one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and um I mean I mean you know well you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably um um I mean I mean um going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said okay well okay you know okay it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in like uh well um so. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you well um so I mean like emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's um um okay so okay not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo I mean like like so I mean go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, I mean uh okay well um it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck you know I mean I mean uh I mean what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because okay um I mean uh I mean your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's okay well uh um you know up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat uh um well um uh dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your uh okay um well okay children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and okay like okay I mean I mean strategies to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm so like uh okay okay a social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and okay um okay so uh I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages um well okay you know well 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life like so so I mean you know tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic well you know okay so well together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have heard from well uh like okay um read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from I mean like so uh well. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team um um uh well like of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world you know I mean well you know um starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly um like um so so in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist uh you know you know okay well electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time well well I mean uh you know to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We I mean okay um okay so talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this okay I mean you know uh like is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, okay I mean like you know well which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not okay well I mean uh I mean a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna so like okay you know okay go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially you know okay okay well okay unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and well like like I mean well this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or I mean you know uh I mean well are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was you know so you know I mean so yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So you know uh I mean well I mean I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can so like uh okay well talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and uh uh you know um you know FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot okay well I mean you know um of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you listen like so uh okay well to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move you know well okay uh okay on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered well so well like uh Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that okay well so okay well and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm like you know well like I mean not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try well um I mean okay uh to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life okay well um well like a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets um so okay uh um and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming um okay um well like live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live so so so okay okay. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us well like um so so soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's so okay so uh uh it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special well uh so well I mean broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about um you know I mean well well Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as like like so um uh users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin like uh okay well okay Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed I mean well so um you know the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, okay um you know okay well it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you so um like I mean uh know, we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's okay uh okay uh so helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one well like I mean like you know out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting you know um um you know so off. No. No, it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead so I mean okay uh okay. There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't you know like uh like okay I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead well okay um so uh of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off like well okay okay I mean right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me I mean okay so like like. If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on uh I mean you know well okay his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin um you know you know I mean you know as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then um uh like I mean I mean we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving okay okay well so well and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here um uh um okay you know to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo uh um like so okay for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew like I mean like like I mean Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC um so um like okay Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the so so so like uh game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you um well like well so play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to I mean like um okay I mean be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well well well um well um quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today uh so like well well. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the well okay like I mean um fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in um like um um so the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the you know okay well so okay virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way on um well okay so okay economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier so you know I mean you know I mean than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being uh well I mean like um cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains okay um um well so is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting uh like so uh okay of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So so so well um um our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today like okay okay okay okay. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I um uh uh okay well put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have okay like I mean like I mean no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the so okay I mean like um earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall you know okay uh I mean um be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I uh okay like um well will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion you know um okay well you know of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are like okay so you know um Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless I mean so okay okay well The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner um um so okay okay. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not you know um you know so uh annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay so you know uh I mean like. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the uh I mean so uh like Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from uh well well so um Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having you know um like like you know me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good like uh like well well when you can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you you know um okay so I mean go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that okay like well so you know. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there okay um um well I mean right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where like okay uh well like a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a like um uh so so traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed so like like well so. It's one of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they uh so well you know so did with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it uh like well I mean like a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they okay um I mean okay so gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit you know so you know I mean you know where it could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is I mean like okay so so after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a you know okay so I mean okay quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to you know you know like so so my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a I mean like um like you know podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground. He I mean so so like uh know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do I record um I mean I mean so you know an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps okay you know so so like all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my you know I mean well you know like podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, I mean uh uh I mean so man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast like so okay um well and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's well um I mean well uh the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free you know uh okay well like and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your you know um um well okay podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to like so well you know like Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and uh okay okay um well you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man okay like so well you know. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything okay um well okay you know you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor um you know uh uh uh on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get uh um okay I mean you know in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to well I mean okay okay like my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it you know well I mean okay well up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea like okay so you know I mean how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot like so uh like you know f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms um like uh like you know. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your I mean well I mean okay like phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free you know well well um uh anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs you know I mean uh I mean okay when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your uh uh so okay well jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final um well uh I mean um cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to um well you know um I mean be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this like okay uh so so juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels you know okay well um well juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the okay well I mean you know uh sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual like you know uh well well Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth so um you know you know like in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity um so well I mean well. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm um well well okay so which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of like um okay I mean you know the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls okay I mean okay okay um over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all about you know um like uh you know living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me and lives okay um well uh so each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you two will be um I mean okay so like inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you. With me okay like uh I mean well in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful office so you know like um well is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your um um uh well uh Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna you know so I mean um so that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea I mean like well okay uh Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the I mean like uh okay okay guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber you know uh so you know I mean joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting so um like like okay over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to like like so you know okay recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the like uh um you know um right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On you know uh I mean well um the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday I mean uh I mean you know uh night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck uh uh um I mean uh it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so uh okay like uh I mean for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're like so I mean well well following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot you know um okay like um of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very I mean like like you know you know very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff? well well well so um You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all so uh like I mean so about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, uh uh I mean okay uh it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are I mean I mean okay um well we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to um so you know you know um do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your uh like well um okay podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome like so uh well okay. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else you know like I mean I mean uh after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so so so like um uh I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You okay um well I mean I mean don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way um um well um well to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast like I mean like you know you know with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start so I mean I mean so I mean making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to uh like uh uh um to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let like like um so you know me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit well you know well okay so your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast well um you know well like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so well I mean you know um more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's I mean you know uh I mean okay everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary well like um uh uh proposition last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the you know uh uh um I mean first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told like I mean so like like him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date so well I mean like um approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two okay like okay okay uh parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was still uh well um uh okay in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for uh okay um okay you know divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining well so like you know um to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine like you know um I mean uh to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an uh I mean uh I mean like important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their um I mean okay like you know Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of uh you know okay well you know what they would like and as a man this is important um so I mean um you know to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if I mean you know um so like you want to become a man of value so that way other men or other people so okay like uh uh in general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this uh okay well like well. So here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, um um okay you know um if you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're well um you know so you know not going to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a like well I mean you know so little bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take um uh you know like I mean five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza uh like like I mean uh featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan like like uh well uh in the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a you know um you know I mean so bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does I mean you know like um so. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to I mean well like um you know Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite well so well so so to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our um okay well I mean uh first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast I mean like well so like last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want to like you know okay so uh hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down like like you know so so. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we you know you know I mean so I mean got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so okay uh I mean uh uh so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you I mean um so so um there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die of so okay like so well old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was convicted okay um well okay uh for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man so um uh like well wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison you know okay uh I mean uh and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but your I mean so okay well like bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski like well you know I mean I mean was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in Michigan okay like like you know like with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here so okay um so like at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something I mean well uh okay you know special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers um you know you know I mean like if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going well you know well I mean I mean to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, um okay well uh you know they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers uh uh uh uh uh. I'm sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow uh okay I mean like like. We have another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest okay well you know so um here on between two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're um uh um um um going to share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune well I mean I mean like like in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of okay well I mean um well wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of okay I mean um so okay philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through I mean you know you know um you know this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the I mean uh uh um okay film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they well um well uh like voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it well uh you know like okay for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast well I mean okay so like. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you you know like okay um I mean to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid uh okay okay um uh distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple you know you know you know um okay podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no so uh okay so so minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle like I mean I mean I mean well up or good Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness so okay I mean you know like and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went um well uh um I mean on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the you know okay like okay okay bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, you know um so well well we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources I mean okay you know well I mean for their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday I mean uh okay I mean you know funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this um okay so okay okay listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian like you know well I mean okay who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow like like you know I mean okay him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday like um so you know um fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here I mean uh okay well like with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam uh uh I mean um well cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's okay uh okay you know um happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we you know um you know you know you know in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as like okay like uh okay inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's well okay you know I mean uh very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need you know okay so well well to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do um so you know so you know that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only win or like you know so you know I mean learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you can learn um um you know well uh something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can so I mean so like um hide in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale uh you know uh so okay caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear I mean so you know I mean uh more urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new uh okay well you know like Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode you know well um okay I mean. Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This uh uh I mean like you know episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for um I mean I mean well so children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy I mean you know uh you know you know little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management so so so um so. And this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and okay okay well so um a half in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic I mean like um well you know International equities as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week so I mean like I mean so. I thought it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in okay okay uh you know you know. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts uh okay like uh okay on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're you know uh like okay so looking to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you okay like okay like I mean very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured like like okay so okay by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be like well well so okay about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments I mean so uh like I mean account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur uh well so uh so if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off like so okay well okay my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only well okay you know I mean you know to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before like um like okay you know. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just so uh I mean um um start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the um well um um I mean top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 like well okay okay okay when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off um uh so okay I mean gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from uh well I mean so uh history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify um well you know so um. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the crowd you know well well like well at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 uh so um you know well 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr okay um I mean I mean you know. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm you know okay I mean okay uh also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome well okay uh like like anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as uh uh like um okay we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for okay okay um I mean okay effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy uh I mean like uh okay looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their like you know so okay I mean biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full so uh well well so and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and so well uh uh well reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas I mean like like okay well where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth um so well um I mean for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know well so like um well where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not you know you know um well you know necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to uh um uh okay well my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor okay well uh you know okay. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, so so you know okay well like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you not uh I mean um so um believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is well I mean um like I mean the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I like so you know I mean um first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an well well um like um app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation you know I mean um so so tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone so uh I mean I mean um or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it I mean so you know okay like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got okay you know well you know like distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first so well you know so well episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum you know well you know so uh listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If I mean I mean okay I mean well you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing well you know uh I mean okay idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get well so okay so well started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale well well I mean okay uh. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie I mean you know okay well like Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all well so you know so like it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for um you know uh um so me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, well um um uh you know first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got um you know I mean well um to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today like I mean you know okay okay and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to like you know well um uh it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to okay I mean I mean you know you know give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and so um so like like I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to uh uh so uh um lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost you know I mean so so like the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually I mean I mean so uh I mean making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because you know so okay well I mean we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one like uh you know I mean you know of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they I mean like like well like made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is so so you know okay well talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We um you know um okay like need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's I mean okay so okay well all going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything you know um I mean uh so disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a you know um okay um well podcast. Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but you know uh okay well you know not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with I mean so you know um well. There's no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it I mean well well you know you know works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of um I mean like uh well your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with um so so uh I mean anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from like you know so I mean so your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So um I mean I mean um I mean it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make um you know you know um you know money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast I mean like okay uh okay Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place like so you know so I mean download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked so like okay you know I mean to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they like uh like so like were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body um well I mean you know I mean. I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to okay uh well like well the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously like so um I mean like start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real so okay you know uh you know life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super like um uh um like important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk like well okay uh like about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about you know uh so okay like talking to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion like I mean well I mean uh assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how so uh well so I mean much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life so you know I mean so so your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so well well well okay so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this okay um you know uh I mean is our time for us to be together and for me to answer your well um so so I mean questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for well okay okay you know um 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am like like well I mean I mean but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their uh well well well uh families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five well um okay you know uh of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by day like well well um you know. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car you know like well I mean uh. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello uh so so um well boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I so uh okay well so have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and um uh like um you know there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait well um um okay well to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name uh so I mean uh you know is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on you know I mean like okay well the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things okay I mean like I mean so RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing well so you know uh okay today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should okay well you know so well say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began um okay um so um my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to well you know well okay you know do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so I mean like okay you know so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m uh you know well well so is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started um well uh um well podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing well I mean well so okay a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I mean well so you know so I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a okay well so well so release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget um uh like so okay the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to I mean so so you know okay the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the well uh well I mean uh shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, I you know I mean I mean well like just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not um okay um so like even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled you know like um uh well music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all I mean um uh um so these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be uh I mean okay well so or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to it so you know I mean um um for a while and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn you know so um okay okay the choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in you know uh um you know um the music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder uh okay like uh I mean wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues like uh I mean uh you know related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil so I mean okay you know I mean our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this well um okay like uh first episode of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into okay like um you know I mean the farm crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's well you know uh I mean um transparent and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address like I mean okay uh so that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's like um well well well been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House I mean um well well okay of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you I mean well you know you know you know a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts so okay well um so. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow okay okay so well okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your I mean like I mean like like computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple uh so well I mean um podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast like okay like uh you know. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you well so you know uh so need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful okay I mean like um you know and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go well uh so you know you know to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like okay okay well okay um the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast okay so so um I mean. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll uh okay okay I mean uh be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning and you know um so like you know welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few minutes well um I mean like well. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration some you know I mean so well like education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God I mean uh you know uh like that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life if well well like okay like you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just to the okay uh well so uh plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that uh uh okay uh uh. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me well you know you know well uh explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh like I mean I mean okay podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for uh well I mean uh I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more like uh so like okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything like um so um well you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or okay I mean well I mean like good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm um you know um so like so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion um um like you know you know assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how okay uh okay well well much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal I mean so um well so life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is well um okay I mean I mean Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about well um okay like like something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm okay I mean uh um uh very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell um I mean well well you know me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed well okay uh um uh Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we so so you know well okay grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let so you know okay um okay it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment I mean you know well I mean so. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just uh you know okay uh um don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all um okay okay okay uh enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from uh um uh so I mean modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Francis well like um you know I mean of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm uh you know okay okay you know the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead um well so so like. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you so okay so okay I mean today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah okay like okay well you know. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure so so well you know um. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten like you know uh I mean um edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have uh um okay uh you know a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going um like uh okay um to do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on well well um like uh a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of you know you know um okay like the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual you know okay okay okay you know principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name you know like like I mean I mean is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with okay like you know um well easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to okay um I mean so um create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode you know okay uh so like and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is you know like well you know you know Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also so so um so well happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah so I mean I mean you know um. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you um you know um so um want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well I mean you know uh okay well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's everybody like you know uh so well going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's uh uh um okay well incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef I mean I mean well you know well Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would you have to I mean okay okay uh I mean show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and you know I mean so okay like trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my um well uh so uh feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby like okay uh like you know last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians so you know like okay I mean for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from um well like well so a professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing you know okay uh like okay in our career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare I mean so well um so. Welcome to the treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren so like so so I mean. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions uh uh um so um. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering uh okay uh I mean like the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table you know well I mean uh so Chronicles. So today we are going to be having a very special guest like like um you know you know on which is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the I mean um well so uh first my daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because okay uh you know well um we have stumbled. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this um um you know okay you know article was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have well I mean well um uh for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This episode so okay uh okay okay were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as well as the I mean uh um um uh falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so as usual, uh you know like uh uh you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's okay uh so well so our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music I mean uh uh I mean so Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that uh like like okay uh I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about you know um okay I mean like all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're like um I mean uh I mean talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen like so um uh I mean to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a like so so uh you know music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to like like well uh um get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up I mean uh I mean you know well to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with uh I mean you know like uh only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on uh I mean um you know uh your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only so like I mean uh you know subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since okay okay um I mean well 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris well you know I mean okay okay Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the you know well you know so um floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day so uh okay like so weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of um so okay um like the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of our holidays well you know so I mean well on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I well you know you know so like have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your like I mean um uh okay very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor you know like okay I mean um FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation I mean I mean okay well like tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone so I mean well you know well or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can well I mean well uh I mean be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your uh I mean so so like podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in well uh okay you know um one place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM um you know I mean um well is what type in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your so I mean well well well girl lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay um um you know I mean like connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the okay uh well so I mean upcoming Disney plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed well uh uh well um on Twitter by at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit uh I mean uh like um with the green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was so well well so um a rumor that was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed so like uh I mean I mean now looks like that's exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to um well you know so I mean wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a like I mean like you know so child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of the comics. In uh you know I mean like uh fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being brought back to I mean I mean okay um so them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions so will be okay well I mean um so fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are uh uh okay um so you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see in um like okay okay um the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your you know I mean so um okay daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's I mean I mean like well so 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing I mean okay like well uh show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with um okay uh okay you know your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about so I mean I mean well uh heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen um like well so uh yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over um okay um I mean well the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti like so I mean okay um people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on um I mean like okay uh and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its you know um like uh I mean Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to get uh okay like okay you know it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided um well like okay well that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, I mean um you know um okay it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why uh so well I mean um not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain uh you know okay I mean um Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook uh uh like you know you know people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty you know you know uh uh okay close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a uh I mean okay I mean uh series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary I mean so I mean well um tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear okay you know okay like okay and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series I mean well um so well today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True you know I mean you know so like Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 well like um uh okay on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was like I mean um you know I mean raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby okay uh you know uh okay after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to so I mean I mean I mean I mean be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're um you know like like uh gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have like you know so like um no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then um um um well like we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna like you know okay well okay be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but so um okay like uh we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though you know I mean uh uh well a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna um uh like I mean uh do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get um I mean I mean well um a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which like I mean um okay okay is what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter so uh um you know um is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? you know I mean well well I mean I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more I mean uh you know well okay than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season uh I mean um uh I mean. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let um uh um well like me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love uh I mean um so um okay so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before so well so um I mean we get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I you know I mean um so okay want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a okay uh okay okay uh daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live you know I mean like you know I mean with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do I mean I mean so okay like not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being well well okay I mean so renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an okay so well like like eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that so you know well um like are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that like like okay I mean like are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like uh well um I mean you know. It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so well um okay you know podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it I mean well okay you know I mean can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um like okay well well right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been I mean uh um um um completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be you know okay so like like heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast you know well like um um. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to you know um so um I mean Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record I mean uh um I mean I mean the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's okay you know well I mean uh everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've so I mean uh like well always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you like well I mean like um do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get I mean like like like so started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for well uh you know so like giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is okay okay okay okay okay free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you I mean well I mean you know you know to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute um well I mean okay so your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast so okay so you know like and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and so you know like I mean okay we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make I mean well you know uh uh our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from well okay I mean so uh the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make like okay like like I mean a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like so so like okay okay this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know um well I mean um dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things okay so like you know so LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so um well okay um you know what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like well um I mean um I mean them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top and like I mean uh okay like Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast like well okay so so that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has like like you know um um smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while you know uh so you know okay and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn um you know I mean like um road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may so well I mean um um help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts uh well well uh I mean into action. And if we can help at least one other person as a like uh uh okay I mean byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very okay uh okay uh you know valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically like I mean okay you know um introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you know okay okay I mean like you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve okay you know like uh you know into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal um you know uh okay uh introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a like um okay uh okay wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons um well I mean um well and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So um um uh like I mean grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us you know uh um like well for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some you know you know okay um okay of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family uh like okay okay like. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part well um okay uh uh of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC is so you know uh uh well Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing like uh so so so your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes uh um so um so. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but okay uh um so like I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to um you know okay okay so know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear it. Sometimes I mean uh so I mean I mean they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me every so uh well uh okay time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes so um you know well I mean I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen well so um well well to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without like I mean uh um okay a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic like um uh you know okay plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium I mean well um um um users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share so so I mean okay I mean what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so like okay you know okay you know already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily so you know like okay uh on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure okay well like you know um to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another so you know well um I mean Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your okay um uh you know so host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where well I mean well um you know I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I well well so okay uh have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because like you know you know so like I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it well I mean like okay okay can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this well you know so I mean so pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know okay well I mean okay um better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and so I mean so I mean like it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so very well okay uh I mean um profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that you know I mean you know like I mean he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker okay um well I mean okay link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title okay well so okay so ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax you know you know um okay uh and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you uh like um well okay have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with like so so like well us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as okay okay uh like so the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch um okay um you know uh a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley well um uh I mean so Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It so okay well okay uh was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford well um uh you know like copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help so I mean um I mean so you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road okay you know well so okay. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is I mean like okay I mean okay Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick uh well um um I mean Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the uh um so like okay Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one well so I mean like well of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but um like okay you know um you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help so uh like like okay on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one you know so uh well uh to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the so so you know so I mean important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for like um okay uh uh the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but so so um um well you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast okay um uh I mean um. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach like well I mean well okay and I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has I mean uh you know okay I mean blood in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food so well uh I mean uh money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to um um I mean I mean okay go through our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink like so so um okay bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are so you know okay like you know thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to well like well like you know leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg you know um like I mean okay now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with um okay I mean um uh like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they so so okay well like the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah okay well okay okay like. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and I mean I mean I mean you know so she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at well um I mean like uh all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, uh okay well I mean like let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's okay okay um I mean um do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to business uh so uh uh so and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always need you know so well um well to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And I I mean um like I mean so was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like I am okay well well like I mean time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's um um I mean I mean uh word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply um well um I mean um on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning um like like like okay and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want so I mean so um you know you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be well okay well so okay in podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just I mean um uh I mean well put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can well I mean like like well see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on so um okay like like Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the well you know like I mean uh Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary so um well I mean I mean Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's so so uh so um put in your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in okay um uh um uh your phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I I mean um well I mean well have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? uh uh so like um I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using like like well uh I mean it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's you know you know like um uh warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside I mean um uh you know well was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as okay you know um I mean well most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm All you know um um I mean well right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed by okay so well well like someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too hot well uh okay like okay. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into so like like like you know the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like uh I mean okay like like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say like okay uh uh okay so I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 well well well so so like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out um um like okay um of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't know you know I mean you know um uh how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing uh well uh okay okay yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our I mean well well you know you know means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna well uh okay you know I mean Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner you know um okay uh you know of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is gonna uh I mean I mean well uh be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's been a so I mean um okay uh long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a while now, so um okay so you know but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the um so you know I mean you know thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get well I mean you know I mean like into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of it all like okay you know so so it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it so um like like like out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun well well well um um. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, so okay so so okay move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date so well okay um well white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of uh you know you know like okay this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's I mean uh so well um up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good well uh like uh uh day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke you know I mean I mean like so up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did like well well okay I mean some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what you know you know okay okay so am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I I mean so you know well like just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today I mean so uh okay so by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing like well um so um today? - oh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting you know you know I mean okay I mean right now? I just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background um well so like well noises munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind um okay okay well um of getting over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's okay um well uh I mean topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how like um well so uh in the world, you know how to make a podcast and okay so so so um I crack up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an okay well uh like okay app called anchor which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app you know you know um uh I mean. It gives you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional you know so you know you know um. There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out well so uh like like your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download so so well you know okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor I mean I mean well well you know ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome well I mean I mean um uh to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove you know um okay like like. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a um okay uh okay so name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind of okay so like okay so lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast at Perkins. Could like um okay like you know have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I might well okay I mean so you know do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone um okay so I mean well doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement I mean uh so like so my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be well you know okay well uh Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian you know uh so uh I mean food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick you know well well you know I mean coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine um I mean so you know uh. We tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is well like you know I mean you know also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have so okay okay I mean well a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, okay um um um okay Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's like so okay I mean you know coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click I mean you know well you know so the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via so um like so um podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a uh you know uh um okay comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, you know um uh I mean you know we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that so um okay so so successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / well like um well okay create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward like okay like I mean so slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to I mean so um I mean I mean stop being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure. So um okay okay uh I mean far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of then well I mean you know okay okay New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of I mean uh well like so what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to well you know you know you know so shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted uh uh so you know I mean two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain so okay you know like you know fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for you know like so well okay them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now a you know uh so well um weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now I mean well um like well get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast I mean like um so like from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales I mean like like uh like and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind so like well uh well the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into so uh you know you know okay bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined you know well okay I mean um with rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and like you know you know um like say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? I mean I mean um so um What up? My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find uh um like well well us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it you know you know so I mean um. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy like um well like like. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good I mean uh like I mean um mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done okay okay I mean so uh watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy well I mean I mean uh you know. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon. But um uh I mean okay okay first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests okay I mean I mean well I mean Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How so uh so I mean well are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for um well well um uh having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally you know okay you know like I mean wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment you know I mean so okay I mean for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on I mean uh uh okay okay such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home I mean so you know so um both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing okay like um well I mean in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you you know um well I mean okay just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with I mean I mean so um like Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast you know like well um okay like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you like so okay um um so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to so okay well I mean like listen to you taking the time to listen to me. And so I okay okay uh um so am grateful and I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually so okay okay um you know airing a year to the day after a really bad car accident that left my car so you know like uh um totaled. I was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really like I mean so like well took that moment to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back well uh uh okay uh and really realize what are the gifts that God has given me what has God I mean well uh so um given me to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay you know uh you know I mean well connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor you know like you know I mean uh its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's um um you know well so free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so okay um you know well from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard you know well okay so uh on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast like like like uh I mean with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in okay like so okay so one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom well well okay um like. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're I mean I mean okay you know so going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by um uh uh well uh Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that so okay uh so uh we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a like well so uh I mean king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch I mean okay uh okay you know with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like like um well like like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better I mean you know like so you know would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for uh well you know like uh every like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we so okay like so um have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making okay um so like so the decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a okay you know you know uh well gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off well um okay so well. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your um like I mean uh um own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is so you know well so I mean the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation well well uh you know I mean tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like so uh I mean well computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast okay so uh I mean um and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you you know okay well okay like need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app um like so okay uh or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques so um so um so on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans um um okay well I mean to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost so like so I mean I mean Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free. Those well uh I mean um you know are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your I mean you know like so so phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard so well I mean okay like on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no um uh like so okay minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one place. You start okay well uh so so your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to okay you know uh um you know our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for so so um so well you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that like like uh you know okay you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can so I mean uh okay I mean check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March like um um I mean uh 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever so so I mean okay uh considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place so uh so I mean well I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast so uh um so um and get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the so like uh well I mean button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many uh uh like uh uh other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my like you know like so you know computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it so you know I mean so well. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so okay you know uh um like much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place um uh um you know I mean to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter um uh so well okay again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started you know you know um I mean okay again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction you know um uh well I mean episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give you know so like well you know you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about. Each week um uh like well I mean and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the okay like you know I mean you know upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years and I've spent I mean um well like okay a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the uh like okay um I mean game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I I mean um well so I mean give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who might okay okay um I mean uh be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening okay well um I mean well to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow I mean well so like um him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can um you know so so okay record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball so so I mean so so podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size I mean well like you know um. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing to well like you know uh I mean get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam like I mean you know like I mean Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based you know um well um I mean community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something I mean like okay like so that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it well I mean I mean so you know to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about like okay okay okay okay why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right okay you know I mean like um into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always had for um you know uh so well our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to always be improving okay like uh I mean you know. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities like okay you know okay like a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as like you know well so well well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other okay so um okay I mean Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and um so um so uh I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow uh so I mean like uh it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know you know well uh uh you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of I mean like um so well Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk okay well okay you know like about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that well um I mean you know well are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American so well um you know like markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like um okay uh uh so it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is okay I mean uh okay okay brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually uh well uh like so had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day well you know I mean I mean like yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember so I mean like you know okay you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said um you know I mean okay I mean. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his uh okay well you know well memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone I mean um okay you know okay showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast you know you know like uh you know where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping so I mean I mean okay so business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are I mean like uh um um releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers like um well I mean uh starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do okay so you know okay well to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search uh like okay so um engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into well I mean uh I mean um creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that so um uh you know so I've been working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and you know okay you know you know um how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've um uh you know you know so created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the uh you know you know like um boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little uh like I mean I mean like bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit I mean so I mean well okay. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a I mean so uh you know so podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and okay you know uh um I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you well so well um you know. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more I mean you know uh well uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well so so um uh you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey uh so well so I mean guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host uh so well uh well Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got four you know well so I mean uh main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so you know um uh I mean like good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you you know like like I mean like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor well okay okay so well distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're I mean okay okay um I mean looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking like okay so well I mean of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 okay like I mean so well today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain you know um okay okay uh my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's um uh uh uh like Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast like I mean well uh I mean where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant so like well um like. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank uh I mean okay uh I mean you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to you know uh uh okay well around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai like so you know okay like Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make okay you know you know I mean well the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai well like um you know well time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental so well okay well I mean yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell um so okay so I mean given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably well I mean okay uh uh not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in I mean you know you know like okay. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of like uh you know you know like the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article you know so you know I mean um that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core like you know you know like like logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and uh well so like um Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield like uh you know I mean so for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where we well you know I mean uh so talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining us uh well well uh uh for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are celebrating okay I mean so okay uh women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so we you know okay so uh I mean thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy so okay uh okay I mean what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I know like um uh you know well in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of okay so uh I mean well news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might be like you know so well like nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people okay you know uh you know so haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across well I mean well uh so an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon um uh um uh uh Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These okay I mean like like okay are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If I mean well well uh like you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or you know so um um um Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of so well like so okay that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me you know you know like I mean you know. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm so uh well you know you know Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the I mean you know um so okay top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us go well uh um okay so through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to do uh okay okay well well at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts so uh okay like um and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly okay well well like um right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on so I mean well so you know earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you know um so um you know you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would I mean uh I mean well well really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is okay um okay I mean well Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and um well you know you know um next week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for you know uh so uh you know Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you I mean well like I mean like can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full um I mean like so uh ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll I mean so so I mean okay be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay like uh um I mean so. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart like um you know okay okay. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you okay uh well you know so might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal hit podcast like so well like you know showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 okay well I mean so um learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy you like like uh um um guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel nervous so um okay I mean okay today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know um like okay I mean um why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my frenetic so well you know so so trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I said so like uh I mean like to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make so um um okay you know sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you you know um I mean so okay show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight like uh so well I mean say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness like um you know okay uh and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son uh well uh I mean okay we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You so I mean um uh I mean may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what like uh I mean well um is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from okay I mean well you know so my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone um I mean like you know well Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is so well well uh okay Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going well you know I mean um okay guys? I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of I mean okay so so you know TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after I mean like like like well show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight you know well like um like. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 so um you know uh so drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and uh you know I mean like you know then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end so so um um um and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown um so I mean okay uh class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this like uh I mean okay like episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I you know um so okay uh am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have okay uh I mean you know well some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my okay well well I mean uh co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what uh I mean so so um a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to I mean so you know you know so talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have you know okay um you know so done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We okay okay well I mean like also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from you know you know well I mean um Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like okay well like I mean you know it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back so I mean okay well okay to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC like I mean um well I mean media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth um like well um um McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things I mean um you know well like New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So I mean I mean I mean uh um welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair I mean um I mean well okay bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover this well I mean well okay I mean event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and raised like like you know so okay in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over so like uh you know okay to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each uh well you know well okay episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that so I mean I mean I mean I mean you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or okay I mean I mean okay uh a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and well um like like I mean nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling so I mean you know you know um and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families you know uh you know I mean uh navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of like okay you know um okay social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast uh like you know like uh where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social I mean uh like I mean so concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews um I mean like so I mean with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on like well um uh well having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our well okay um uh so listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners so so I mean um so as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us you know um I mean like like on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune well you know like um like in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well I mean okay you know like you know. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise um like I mean I mean I mean segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled um uh well uh I mean with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope I mean I mean well um you know you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I I mean I mean um well you know had a moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really I mean uh um you know well surprised. It's always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always uh okay uh okay I mean really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always well okay uh I mean like like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good well you know um um like at that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard uh you know you know so uh pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your uh like I mean well okay heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't uh well okay you know like want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life okay you know okay well okay gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the I mean okay uh I mean uh hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go uh so I mean so well to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I so um um like you know said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are so I mean so like well kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart well I mean you know um I mean TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly I mean uh well well well be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, so like so you know like then there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is like well well like so the team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority uh you know so okay I mean owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into uh so I mean you know you know my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's um okay okay you know you know some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did I mean uh like well um with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating I mean um well like well and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast forever like um I mean so you know ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the easiest I mean like well well uh way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its you know like so like okay creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record and edit so you know okay I mean so your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for like so uh okay I mean you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh you know you know I mean you know platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum um like okay like so listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, uh you know I mean so like please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um you know okay uh you know get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast so well okay well you know or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If um okay well you know I mean you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I like you know uh okay well post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God um okay so like okay. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real like um like okay like life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using you know okay like uh like and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart so I mean you know so um behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we so okay well well well can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be well well uh you know like different. I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply um like okay like like the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's well well so you know like the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind um well like uh so has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social I mean well like okay I mean media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of so um okay I mean uh things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like get uh I mean well well like focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it I mean like okay well uh back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat uh well so uh okay your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week. I like well you know well I mean went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend you know you know well I mean I mean there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and um um I mean you know okay yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now and let's uh you know I mean like okay start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he like you know you know so um says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second like you know um uh you know I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick well you know I mean like okay update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was stuck I mean um so like um in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a okay so so like like boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're you know so I mean I mean um not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free like um um well well this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm well you know so I mean um Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I um uh well so like got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you I mean okay you know um you know know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor I mean well uh okay okay makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and um um you know uh you know has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right uh okay so I mean uh from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on so you know so um you know Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with like you know I mean well okay sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So well I mean so so uh make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor okay okay um so like dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to okay well I mean you know like the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard uh like you know um I mean McKees Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him you know um like like um do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good well so uh you know okay like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy I mean um okay well so voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like so okay I mean I mean well wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may you know I mean well well okay know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like hanging um I mean like okay um cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, um okay so I mean like they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a you know so well uh uh coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic like like I mean well um out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here well okay okay well okay. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if okay um so uh uh you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of um um well um I mean my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick like you well well like um uh can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not have so um like um okay to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton I mean I mean you know um you know start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn uh well um um I mean and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and so uh so uh okay told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't I mean you know okay um so have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the you know like um well like NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their uh okay so okay I mean daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside I mean uh well so you know. He's been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's um like okay I mean so perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today I mean I mean like like I mean. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I okay okay so you know uh really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank like okay um well you know you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall uh okay um like like of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app like um like like uh today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal like like okay okay you know development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to you know you know uh so um work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick you know like well uh you know read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by um okay okay you know well dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston like like okay you know okay introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully say I okay okay I mean like so have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my time okay well um well um. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is you know um so okay so me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to um like well so so start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time so well I mean I mean I mean and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes like um uh um I mean I like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like I mean like you know okay so warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up well uh you know um um for me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've so you know you know uh uh just decided not to for quite some time. But once I do decide to like uh so you know okay share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant well I mean I mean I mean I mean don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would uh so you know so uh say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who I mean uh so uh uh have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan I mean well well um you know Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field uh I mean like um uh of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after like well I mean well you know listening to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview so okay you know so so of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for well you know so okay I mean the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to I mean I mean like I mean um Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me um uh so you know you know but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk so I mean uh okay so for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy okay I mean like okay so. Now. What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is like uh like um well that people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of so okay okay like I mean us medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a I mean uh um you know well doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy uh you know um I mean so profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting um I mean you know you know so for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother like um um okay okay or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we uh so you know um like go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV well like okay I mean um Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you so uh so you know so guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see well so well um so her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh uh uh well okay well my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up and so you know you know uh I mean down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on you know okay I mean you know uh this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and Madison, uh you know so well I mean which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for I mean okay I mean so I mean a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few months well like okay you know like. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? you know okay okay um okay You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you know okay I mean um okay you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you like I mean well so I mean know. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves and I mean I mean like you know I mean nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished okay uh I mean I mean okay it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode like I mean like so uh of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind I mean okay um you know so taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My well like like okay um name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real I mean like well I mean uh you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other you know I mean um like um and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why uh well well well so is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon well well like like like Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want to well like so uh uh go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do okay so so you know you know that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or ever you um you know like okay uh get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind of you and well okay uh so um let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video I mean well well uh I mean today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more so well I mean like like than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks well okay you know well like to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian uh uh so you know I mean derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are um like okay so like far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a so like uh uh so virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome okay like uh like like to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas uh like so um okay. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of uh um so like um pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week uh okay okay okay like we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week well uh um I mean I mean. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I so you know you know well so believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast like I mean okay well uh with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for uh well you know I mean like tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what you know so okay you know I mean why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen I mean uh well so well to me, let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD um well like like I mean for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off um okay um well so at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic okay I mean I mean you know um Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice um I mean um well um World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with okay I mean I mean I mean you know people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups well you know like well like and we were able to see each other for a bit more than five well uh like um uh or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze like like okay like well in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this I mean well I mean you know um point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over you know so well well uh. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here like I mean you know I mean I mean with my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make like I mean uh okay like it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just um I mean okay you know okay introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you uh so I mean you know well said you had to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of well um okay well well us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your I mean um you know okay okay co-host your math isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes you know uh uh I mean so could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and I mean you know so you know okay friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it so you know so I mean um. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to um well you know okay uh help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for well well I mean I mean uh leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit so okay you know uh uh while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you know you know I mean like okay you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of okay uh okay you know you know the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get well um I mean um okay started right away. The first question that came from our members this year and some of uh so so uh so our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women like uh you know uh well join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're uh like I mean I mean I mean both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as so I mean so like um best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have well okay like well so our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas I mean okay okay um uh basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches well um like uh you know basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of like uh like you know you know tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third well so um okay okay episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about okay so you know um uh the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this um like okay so you know particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a like okay I mean uh well dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode um you know like like so in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal uh okay like so um with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to uh um you know so I mean better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the you know so uh okay I mean frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a okay um well you know like time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up so I mean uh I mean you know between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then well like uh I mean uh I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was okay you know uh so so in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I I mean uh like you know like hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in uh well uh okay uh me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series um so so I mean like. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining uh I mean okay okay well the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your well like well I mean uh eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in well okay you know um okay today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating an avoidant? you know uh okay I mean you know Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my channel I mean I mean so uh uh every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and um uh okay um I mean Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed like like so like like one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking well like you know like um from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So uh okay you know okay well that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your I mean well okay okay like emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really I mean like I mean um I mean trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal um like well you know I mean people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you uh I mean like like so what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that we I mean you know um you know so would do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably what we like okay well uh um hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books um okay you know uh uh and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it I mean like I mean uh like looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a so so like like I mean brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you so I mean okay okay well over until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters like well so uh I mean and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein you know you know um I mean so advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith so well uh so I mean asked a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the I mean um like well well same question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a like so well okay so single mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new well so well so okay person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love like you know so okay okay Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury well well okay like you know research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on like like um I mean I mean a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot you know okay like I mean so escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit uh like so I mean you know in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into uh so like well well different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands well I mean uh um okay at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has um uh well okay like evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning I mean I mean well so so in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting I mean well I mean well well out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look okay you know like uh I mean forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym I mean like okay uh okay ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up um um uh okay so a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and I mean okay well um okay that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, like I mean okay you know like thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number um um you know okay so one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm okay uh you know I mean um just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your you know I mean uh like so host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's so okay so you know well be real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny like okay okay uh like. It's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff well okay you know I mean so. See what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today you know like like uh so. Today's gas is going to take you back to school. So take out a pen like well like um okay and paper take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation well so so okay so with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete uh I mean uh okay well with her. Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on the okay you know I mean well uh outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman with well well well um I mean no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make uh well uh well you know because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life so so um you know well. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding you know so okay um uh perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the well like okay uh uh intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course I mean you know I mean uh uh New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only um like like well um and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all uh like like like well opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect uh uh well you know I mean the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry you know um uh I mean I mean regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor like so like well well reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and I mean well um well so other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they um like okay okay you know are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we um like I mean I mean like dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund okay I mean like um okay managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts like you know like I mean I mean of the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer um you know uh um so of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our um well like like well purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others I mean like um uh well across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us um I mean you know uh um today. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology uh so well I mean okay data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have um well well you know you know had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary so I mean like okay um of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions uh uh um so okay you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is all okay you know uh like uh about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe okay well well I mean uh space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me so okay like uh okay in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold um okay like I mean I mean and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all I mean I mean so I mean okay kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we I mean you know um um well have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the things uh you know so okay you know that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs parents well okay like okay I mean families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be talking about like um uh okay well any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to your uh uh um well okay Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the so like well okay um word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent well I mean like like so as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech um okay you know well okay was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or well well uh you know I mean Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to okay okay so uh you know be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance so um you know like like are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance like uh um uh well. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin so um I mean uh uh add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official I mean uh um like uh episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some like well uh you know so chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus I mean like I mean uh well Romero. It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music um you know okay um well. New Era podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could so I mean I mean like you know go ahead and just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going uh uh you know like so on. It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early you know you know uh I mean you know stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the okay you know okay okay um heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not um I mean I mean uh like going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is you know like you know okay so one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry I mean I mean uh okay like woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So like uh so so um I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a you know um I mean um so podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about um um like so uh you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think well well you know um okay it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram I mean well uh okay okay post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, I mean uh you know okay well obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this okay you know um um you know Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob okay like I mean so I mean if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you well I mean um like I mean just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I you know well like you know like don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with you know you know well I mean uh it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM like well uh I mean like and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message uh like like so uh and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and so uh so like you know forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going uh I mean you know okay um to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll I mean well I mean okay you know be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast piece I mean okay okay you know uh of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for creating your like well I mean so I mean own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast right uh I mean you know like okay from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most major podcast like I mean like well um platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So so uh okay okay well if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or like so so like you know go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been like I mean uh well like a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you you know well um um well know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding well um you know um um that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know so well so uh you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, uh so I mean well well when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good um well like uh okay reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard okay okay well okay so care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed you know well uh uh um and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote well well you know so okay prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire like uh so so I mean order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the well so so you know okay show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't so uh I mean well okay recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on um um like you know well the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you like you know you know you know I mean can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total you know um you know okay you know talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast um okay you know like um. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation well well okay um well tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay like you know well well your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard um so um okay so on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money with so okay you know uh you know podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you so so well like you know. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of funding like I mean you know okay like their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and well uh okay so like raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even okay well you know like like one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife like well so so okay show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's you know uh um you know uh a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound you know okay um so you know quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is I mean well okay um uh because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my well like I mean um um whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle of um well I mean um uh a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided I mean so like um you know to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast and do I mean well uh you know you know this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk to you about uh okay so I mean uh just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with um so well you know um being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council uh uh like so you know for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British so uh okay like um Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode I mean well I mean okay um. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today. I'm well you know you know well okay joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different teams like okay you know so I mean programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the language assistance okay I mean I mean so okay program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team well well well well okay. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what um like I mean like um team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in you know like uh um um London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? okay like like so like Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted like um uh um well on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let you know uh uh I mean uh me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you I mean like well well uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will so okay okay so um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts you know okay like you know I mean and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast well so you know okay well anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to uh well I mean I mean I mean make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the like you know uh uh uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny okay um okay okay you know Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek okay so like like so memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out so like okay like you know. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night you know you know um you know uh last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't I mean well so um so have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind uh like you know you know you know of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking like I mean okay you know I mean lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I mean well well uh you know I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 you know you know uh okay okay Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what it is so like okay so I mean is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you buy it today um uh okay so you know and then in 10 years it requires a new row for Is okay you know like uh you know significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring you know okay I mean like well the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily okay um so um like budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple okay okay you know like I mean of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this okay like I mean well so is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are like uh like like uh back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that so well uh like like is not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I so uh I mean um uh have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet um um like okay well bear and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here so so well you know okay to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good I mean uh I mean you know I mean friends. It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of so well you know uh um Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And uh okay like um well so today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so so uh so well well that I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear so uh you know okay well and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to you know okay I mean you know well finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years like like okay uh okay. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit okay well so so uh to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge uh uh uh well um is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information uh um well so I mean that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re well okay so like well attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth you know you know I mean so um. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some you know I mean so you know like of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't okay um um like you know some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you know you know I mean you know um you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and like well so um uh I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 uh you know okay um well and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then so you know uh okay you know we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope like you know well um you know you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just you know uh well um uh moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was um uh okay uh uh out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually I mean well so well well kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So so well I mean uh like I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the I mean I mean um I mean well best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those okay um like okay um freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're uh like I mean well uh just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of uh I mean like uh well course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your like so I mean um uh own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world um um so like I mean. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make uh okay I mean I mean okay a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to so like okay you know so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor uh I mean so you know I mean will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere okay okay well okay you know else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in uh so like okay so one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app so okay like uh well or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for the next uh so so uh so 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up because so okay you know like I mean we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the um um okay uh um inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going I mean so so uh um to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling okay um so you know okay in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we talk about you know you know so okay okay the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to end I mean I mean well uh like talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to no like okay you know I mean well preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear um like like you know um on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? you know okay well so I mean All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been uh you know like you know okay a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to like I mean well okay uh schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come uh um I mean I mean I mean out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before so uh uh okay so then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am I mean I mean like okay uh when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll okay um well like you know be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees well okay like so you know and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on you know um okay I mean you know Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about it? well I mean um okay well You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand okay well I mean like um. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear so okay um you know so the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem well so like um so solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of well well uh well you know Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place suddenly I mean okay like okay um a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the uh like like I mean like whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues well okay so I mean so of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All okay uh like well you know of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues um you know okay like um as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from you know well I mean like like every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by you know you know okay uh I mean surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always thought I mean so well well you know that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me like I mean you know you know uh. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac um like like like well side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would um like um uh um you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've like uh uh well uh guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I well you know like you know well didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They are serving well so um I mean I mean friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing like you know you know well okay to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast okay well well so um series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on you know okay um like okay the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries you know I mean uh like um to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time well so like you know I mean with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will okay I mean uh okay well be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here like you know uh um okay. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of um I mean okay okay I mean Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans okay um I mean I mean like behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and okay okay like okay okay invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own I mean well so so like experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement you know I mean well I mean um on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and like like uh so well I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined okay I mean um I mean uh with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to uh um okay like so over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite okay like I mean you know okay you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you so so you know uh uh can use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas you know well okay you know I mean come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting I mean I mean okay I mean I mean Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology well so okay you know like education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black I mean like okay okay um box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations okay you know um like uh can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more I mean uh like uh you know service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of well so well okay you know our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with um well like um I mean incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn so I mean like uh so how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast so I mean uh uh well about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You well like well uh um are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm like uh I mean um so so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel um uh like so I mean like the flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel um well okay um you know like I've caught the white whale and I finally got every in the like um I mean well okay in the podcast with us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have well you know I mean okay like you alone? How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices so I mean okay I mean I mean in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the like like okay well so Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There so well so okay well are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to so I mean so I mean so start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If uh so um you know so you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so uh I mean um okay me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your um I mean so um well podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know uh okay uh well. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some okay I mean okay okay uh money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like like like uh um a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app okay so I mean like well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take like um I mean okay um a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having like uh like so you know a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there to uh like uh I mean I mean debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were in The uh okay so um well Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to handle things. And well well you know uh so simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is going to be a you know so okay well well little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth out there for you so like you know okay uh to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if you are in I mean I mean you know uh okay the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the okay so um uh okay easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free okay well well you know okay. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools like I mean like so okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay okay okay uh like. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean like uh I mean I mean podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never well I mean I mean uh well heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's um okay like so uh everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a I mean okay like okay um lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start you know I mean like so uh that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F so well so I mean so m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The like I mean um uh well True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks you know you know so okay I mean for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you I mean okay uh uh um. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, there's you know um like um uh many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the okay well well um like kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us you know so you know well I mean in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a so uh like well like couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance um well um uh well on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So okay I mean like well well when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they okay well okay well okay just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but um um uh uh you know when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell uh like I mean you know well them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I uh I mean well um um was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate well well I mean you know I mean everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth you know okay like well uh. You understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just uh like I mean like so out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You like I mean um okay uh already know. No, we have a few subject we go get into today and well like well okay I mean talk about it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one like so uh well so that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not so like you know like so too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your well so I mean so uh host development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a like uh you know uh well platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the uh okay well like you know first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling um like I mean you know so Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment you know so um um okay and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's okay uh you know so I mean day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as like like so well like attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder okay uh uh you know you know of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your so so I mean like um hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about so you know I mean so uh The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso well uh okay you know uh and let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at you know you know so um um Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and uh you know okay like well her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and um uh you know I mean okay he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we like so so I mean uh ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you like well you know uh um would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to um um um uh uh three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad I mean you know you know um okay joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I uh um okay okay well responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His okay well well uh so baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I um you know okay like like tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that like like okay uh well almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys um so so well I mean a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and uh um you know um uh podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a I mean you know so so like huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now okay um uh you know um and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share like uh you know okay uh what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you like um I mean you know um can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you uh you know um uh well haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or okay um uh like okay browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never so so I mean well uh miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The like I mean okay okay so Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and so well well I mean okay bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of I mean uh okay okay uh them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head well so um like um. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid swords so uh you know uh so from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your well like I mean you know like host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table I mean uh uh okay so each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the well so so like like questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport you know so well I mean you know to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot so well well well you know seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the um okay so um well University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and like I mean okay I mean um journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact uh um you know I mean like of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I okay so I mean so well understand from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying well you know I mean okay I mean for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm you know so you know like um reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique I mean okay well well uh Joven. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about so you know um okay I mean Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward you know you know uh um you know to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking you know like well I mean I mean about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them okay I mean you know you know um to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with like uh like um um complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off with like you know okay like well our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to some of okay well you know uh well the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about mu n that okay you know you know well like happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you were I thought um um you know well I mean you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so there was uh um I mean uh you know a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday like um well uh like the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un conference so I mean okay like like three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our okay uh uh you know uh country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at okay like um uh okay such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good like um well well so. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of okay like I mean you know uh Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also you know okay uh um I mean served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical you know so um you know um Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all uh well like so you know. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency you know so well um uh medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I have um like like you know um. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good how well uh um I mean so happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, like well okay um well it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I uh you know okay so okay had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me so you know um well um to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose uh um you know I mean so dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his uh okay well like well dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once um okay so so I mean that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are so uh I mean so like never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it like I mean well uh I mean on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's so like uh um um it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I you know um uh okay um thought you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit um okay like so um. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess uh I mean so um well we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, uh um you know so I mean yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea um like okay okay I mean podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about so I mean like like okay whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea so um uh um so. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like uh okay well okay so coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl well uh okay like like Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's like um um uh well pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly okay like uh okay um like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's okay um well well um just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't well um I mean I mean uh know I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just okay you know okay okay I mean the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us you know I mean well like uh to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with Theology and well uh uh you know like interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all the time and Romans so so uh um um chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing like like well uh I mean with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the law of God really written like you know okay like I mean on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter where they've grown up I mean okay um like you know or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out so okay so um okay all the ways that we can act basically in sin and have a okay uh so okay um depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk um I mean so like I mean and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there you know you know um uh okay and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory over like I mean I mean okay um the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was going I mean so uh uh okay to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about that line and how I mean well so like I mean it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I like well so like so talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the I mean you know okay so uh plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to I mean I mean so okay I mean the nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and okay like I mean like so I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes you know well okay so like with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This I mean well you know you know so is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk I mean um uh okay uh about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt you know you know so well okay like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health like I mean uh you know like the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire so um okay uh uh session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something um okay well um uh happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we you know well um like you know put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little um so you know um um better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is I mean you know you know well well recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that um like well well you know you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed okay well um I mean you know. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where you know uh okay I mean I mean two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of well okay uh like I mean getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack like well uh okay I mean the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright so uh uh you know you know enough to be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who well you know you know like like got hired twice by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come okay so like I mean well join this podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in you know I mean so okay okay 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life uh you know well okay uh experience and my learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join our you know so uh so like Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act okay um you know okay well together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time so uh well you know like off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta I mean uh so I mean um things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially uh well uh I mean uh given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what so uh okay okay like needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's uh um like well you know start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back well like you know like uh to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this okay like okay like okay time because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You okay uh you know um well guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't like um so you know like think they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article um okay uh like uh in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about the um um uh you know so indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English you know um well um you know. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want uh I mean I mean well like to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English okay um I mean um okay articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I I mean like like well like think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as uh okay um um like an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally so um well so okay the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely okay I mean you know so you know love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so well so so you know okay great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you I mean okay okay well uh can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight you know like I mean well well to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms like okay like um you know that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but I mean well like uh so podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even make money uh well I mean um uh off of this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's well well you know so you know free and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors like so I mean you know uh for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started uh okay so well so. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? I mean okay okay like well Welcome to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 you know okay well um well episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, um so okay like so do we have a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of well you know you know well so new Jordan stuff to talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk okay um uh I mean so about all the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait um uh uh um uh to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then well uh okay uh so who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen okay uh well okay I mean next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We um you know uh so um are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL like you know I mean well I mean draft class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every you know like um okay uh week but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what uh so I mean well like matters at each position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and I mean um uh I mean like what their potential options might be going into free agency a little bit uh you know um like okay. And then also what's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what so um um well well the times 20 draft class has to offer we will be going Each okay uh like um uh position group one by one in the Box. The draft has that it looks to well well like you know well be a major part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard okay um well um so so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to like you know okay uh you know and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode um well okay so well includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We well you know you know you know like advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961 uh I mean uh well so. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On well I mean so okay I mean October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by well you know I mean like like a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should like um uh okay I mean close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter Betty um well you know I mean well Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the police you know I mean um like okay were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness listener well like uh so um discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been you know uh okay you know so asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, but I mean okay um okay well it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled you know well I mean okay um the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would okay so like I mean uh leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still okay uh well okay um and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door um I mean like well um slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to so so you know like like give our yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when um um like I mean well milk has come out of the cow. They died a white because well so uh so well there's pus and blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom well so I mean I mean okay will join to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just um you know okay uh I mean isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't well you know um well I mean matter coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut you know okay well well well milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why uh I mean okay so um people eat it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that so you know so like um she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't okay well so so so think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking so like okay you know well cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way well you know like okay well to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F so okay well I mean uh m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free like like uh like like anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way like uh like okay like to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want I mean you know okay um well to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want you know um you know um um to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get okay uh I mean like uh the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way I mean well I mean well um. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's okay okay um okay I mean loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and like you know so I mean like 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The um so uh you know uh lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could I mean uh um so okay be the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors um um well uh uh High honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for so so so uh um him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it like well well so you know. You know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is okay uh I mean um um March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you okay you know like well uh by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based um like well okay you know on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth uh you know well um like Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your so so like like like personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion well like so okay you know matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm chapter okay you know well uh well 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in so like like um um trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for my uh uh I mean I mean uh life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories you know so so like like that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks um okay you know okay uh as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen uh so um okay like to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for so I mean well okay um the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your um you know so okay so rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, well okay I mean well I mean Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack okay so you know well okay the racist tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA well well well you know um chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist you know uh like okay well ever 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? Well, I mean uh like uh you know it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm so I mean okay like uh doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time so so um I mean I mean. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to uh so I mean um well since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided um um okay you know so probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position like well I mean um you know that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a I mean like um you know I mean little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm okay so um I mean um going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come um so I mean I mean so on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of okay you know like I mean um the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel um well I mean um I mean daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to uh I mean you know well uh have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm one uh okay you know okay you know of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This is Jordan so okay okay you know um and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady Turner. This is the first like so I mean you know like episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as I mean you know so so you know well? All right Brady got his I knew as soon as I said it so okay uh okay you know someone would bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it so like um okay um slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its so well um I mean so Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first episode of our podcast on this like you know um um so podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting uh okay um well I mean probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start I mean well like so like with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri I mean well um okay um to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we I mean I mean I mean well so talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs okay uh so so um. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this um uh okay okay uh is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good. Thank I mean um um so uh you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you like okay like you know okay for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little bit of context or like so so like well of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I mean I mean um okay well I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known you know so okay okay uh each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm okay so um uh I mean Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first you know um you know so I mean we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide okay um you know so um. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you so you know uh okay so. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head over to I mean um so um so sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot like like uh um um cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive well so I mean I mean well 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are you know like you know you know uh screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, I mean you know so you know well whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at okay you know okay okay uh SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate so um so okay uh in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but you know okay like I mean you know ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of you know okay well so okay truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their I mean uh well I mean uh true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy okay okay I mean you know you know activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an uh well you know you know okay expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on I mean so um I mean well the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a uh uh well I mean okay little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will um so I mean like you know admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a you know um uh I mean um podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record you know you know you know like okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your so okay I mean so okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my like I mean so so like bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum so okay I mean um well listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's so so I mean you know okay get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut I mean um okay um I mean it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back okay I mean okay uh like Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This okay you know uh well you know is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if so okay well uh okay you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my phone also I mean you know uh um I mean Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet peas um you know I mean you know well fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love uh uh like I mean I mean him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's you know um I mean you know uh a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his I mean um uh um well little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior like you know um you know I mean Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia you know you know so uh so. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to um so I mean I mean well connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of uh you know well I mean um the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal uh okay you know okay I mean information in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal you know I mean uh um uh information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how uh okay you know so I mean our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, so okay so um so we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast. I'm like uh so you know okay your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go well so uh well okay in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going uh so like uh uh over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today well I mean well well so it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and like so you know I mean well we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest um like um I mean okay today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where like I mean so uh I mean to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look uh um well like I mean at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead I mean you know like I mean you know leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and you know so like okay um if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it you know um well well uh at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged uh like I mean you know well to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist like you know I mean you know so DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans like so I mean so well of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think okay uh uh uh you know it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too I mean so so um so with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run you know like uh well uh the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for so well uh I mean well it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take I mean so you know I mean okay any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is so I mean so okay okay specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee well uh okay you know okay an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple like okay so well um villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage so I mean so I mean um all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd okay so you know uh I mean FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I like okay okay okay so did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only okay well you know okay okay known it like five ten years before early because all I need to I mean um well so like do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just I mean I mean like you know I mean click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish so uh I mean I mean so it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do you know okay you know I mean like not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You um so you know you know uh also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you so okay I mean well I mean have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or uh so so I mean so simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome okay okay so like like back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines uh you know so like I mean week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin um okay like like uh heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and achievements. But you know you know like I mean you know first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a long long time well um okay like well ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered something well okay okay well uh that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman ruler like a queen like so um like so Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her I mean well well well I mean own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting you know I mean so uh I mean in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty um so you know you know I mean Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved so you know I mean so uh murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some you know you know uh so well of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you I mean uh uh I mean um listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is I mean like so well you know advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas you know I mean uh um um real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty okay like like so you know good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New Zealand like um you know well I mean podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've well so you know uh uh been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name um like like like you know is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history um so I mean so well of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it says like you know okay uh you know on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we like like okay uh um explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to I mean like I mean um um change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of okay so well okay you know weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've I mean you know well um uh been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is okay you know so so you know because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen to you? I like okay like uh um think it's so funny. You know like you think like all day. It's I mean like like so well Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in okay I mean so um like my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with uh uh um you know like you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the well um you know okay um offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on like like like um you know first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into uh I mean um I mean like the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day like you know like so well our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the you know um you know like like City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my you know well uh like um firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan okay you know um uh um of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as like well okay you know uh you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including so you know like okay like the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists well okay you know like um and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you well so well uh okay never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever well well you know uh well you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so um um so like uh already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify so um you know uh uh or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me well um I mean like you know. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans so uh so like uh Steve firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night I mean well well well I mean the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's um uh I mean so uh been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of okay okay so um well knew it was going to be a bit like that. But until we I mean okay okay well like sort of broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the I mean uh you know I mean so goals were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about okay like okay well um that. They plan to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him well um well uh uh so far? Capital K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that I mean so well um uh were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me okay you know um um like how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And so you know so so um you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would okay I mean um uh you know have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's uh um uh I mean okay much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far the okay you know okay uh um easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one you know well I mean uh well place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment so um I mean um um or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your so so you know well I mean phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation tools like um so so so. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we uh well well uh so didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way like you know well like well to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and um I mean so I mean like edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean well so I mean like you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more I mean so you know well like you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's uh you know I mean well uh everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor okay like I mean so uh app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this like I mean like you know so is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel uh well well uh uh Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How like so I mean I mean so are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story uh so um well okay and I love for you to share it with a lot of people um um um so well. Yeah, thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat I mean um so you know um long overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue uh well uh well well to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we well you know so like well have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got um so um um okay to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and like okay well okay you know all those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had so uh like you know uh great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty you know like I mean I mean um of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't so um I mean well okay expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more you know uh so okay I mean money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, um well so I mean uh boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really like I mean you know okay I mean fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our like like okay well so app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited um well I mean okay you know to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce like um so I mean well yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the you know so I mean you know like biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in I mean I mean um okay um construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett so well um uh so. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake um so I mean okay okay of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed um like well well like such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking um so okay I mean um at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to be uh um well like you know doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit uh um like well uh irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So um I mean you know okay uh if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like so you know like I mean um you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like like um well um you know to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it you know you know you know well well to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating uh I mean like you know okay taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need um you know like so um to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content I mean like well so you know come on now but away from all of that as you look so um I mean uh like normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened like I mean well um uh. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and okay so um so I mean get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR you know uh I mean well I mean leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's I mean I mean I mean you know so simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater I mean well so I mean uh business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a okay well like I mean you know panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of uh so well you know like work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how okay uh um well you know to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley uh like so like I mean having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning you know like um well well and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober uh like okay well well and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my I mean um uh like um HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per uh so um you know uh se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we okay you know so well you know take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can um like you know uh um kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points you know okay you know you know so right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It well um um you know so is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism okay well like um uh and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is okay so okay so um how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel so okay you know so okay emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear uh I mean so so okay which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the uh um uh like you know main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor okay like so like so. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I um like so well so use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other custom you know well um like okay logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They okay uh well okay I mean have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have a free um well so like well company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going um you know I mean okay you know on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create I mean so uh like you know anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom well uh well so okay you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers I mean I mean um um like needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming your um uh I mean um like way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and I well so so I mean well really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you okay well um you know you know know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're um well I mean well okay good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I mean uh okay you know so I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them well well uh like uh and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any okay so like like okay way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome okay like well so you know. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking you know well well like well about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor you know like uh you know well is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their well uh so you know like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so like well so okay phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard um um uh well well on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum uh so I mean um you know listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the so I mean like I mean uh free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want um um okay like um to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the you know well so I mean you know Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at uh uh so uh okay 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and so you know like um uh techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors well um um okay so the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor okay I mean well so okay is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own um okay you know uh well podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you know I mean you know okay well you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to um so okay well uh Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it okay so you know so uh to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have uh like so uh I mean to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I I mean you know you know so I mean ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is um um you know you know um on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we um you know well okay well are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and um okay well you know you know like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of um uh I mean I mean I mean how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like um like you know like uh that is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we you know I mean so so I mean shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you know um okay well well you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in okay okay okay um I mean London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th like uh well uh you know 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo for you Michael you know you know you know um uh. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San Jose. But well I mean okay okay I mean hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The Beat like you know you know like you know Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort of reflect I mean you know um well so on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key games against I mean well uh um I mean teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few points uh you know okay uh you know behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was uh uh so like you know battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against the team like uh like um uh and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out of it that I mean I mean you know like okay are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of okay I mean okay so you know today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other uh uh I mean like like words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women uh you know um well like like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so I mean I mean okay so okay we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things uh um um okay um first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings so well well well well and their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love you know so like so like story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery uh so well um well store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way well uh like well well that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our uh uh okay like so name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the bag like you know well like so. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory like uh I mean so you know. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags um you know okay so so of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to um okay well okay well make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this um you know you know I mean I mean for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with uh um so okay I mean my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it um like okay I mean so for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business uh uh uh um okay. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of um I mean you know I mean so someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the like okay uh like I mean show? Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app um okay like uh uh you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her I mean I mean like like okay ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject so um like uh um but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex I mean so like okay you know show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 pm okay I mean well um like. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all I mean you know um I mean I mean welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your um uh um um uh host the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today like like okay uh I mean. We're going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really I mean I mean you know you know well about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber so I mean uh I mean well for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to uh uh well well well me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really I mean well well uh okay based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is okay um you know um you know a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of well okay you know so so stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect so well I mean you know I mean. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been I mean so um well like around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan I mean okay um like um analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks like I mean okay um you know official entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever um okay okay uh okay possible feel free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other uh uh okay like like light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have um so well so like free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish I mean I mean I mean um like to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going so you know you know well so to have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different uh well uh well like from yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe uh like okay so um for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you like um I mean well um were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the I mean um I mean like I mean podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be I mean I mean uh okay well talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me I mean uh um like you know. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the um I mean like I mean so cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have uh well like like I mean done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing uh I mean okay like um show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush I mean uh you know so um the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week I mean well um I mean um where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking so well you know so you know about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're so uh okay I mean well actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that so well um I mean you know makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny you know so you know you know um was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the so um uh well um Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned um so I mean so like on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most like you know I mean so so legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the you know well um okay I mean Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in like I mean okay I mean so Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different okay you know so well like Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and um um well I mean okay Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes um okay okay uh okay for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you okay okay uh um um by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing okay um you know okay uh your podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use so you know I mean okay um now anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on okay well um you know uh your podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm I mean I mean okay well well doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we I mean I mean I mean so well love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the so so so so so audio. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you like I mean well well so want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you so well uh you know um know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it uh I mean you know I mean uh go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's well okay um well like Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess well um um okay like what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to okay well okay okay okay host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this um you know so I mean you know got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a well well uh I mean I mean phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it well you know like I mean I mean there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you okay um so I mean so know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right um okay I mean um like on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast okay um okay okay uh or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little I mean like so um you know cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make like um um like like a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your like um so okay so app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started I mean you know uh okay well. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This okay okay so okay so is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the I mean like uh okay I mean London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan well okay like so so or smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said I mean so I mean okay like is your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho uh okay you know uh okay no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names you called you know okay okay I mean okay ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho like so I mean uh you know ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it well um I mean you know you know because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi um uh like so um Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides so uh like well I mean us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I want to start I mean so um I mean well by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close to my heart okay you know okay okay so. It's based on a mission of that says that if you read the megillah um well um you know you know meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off noonim you know um you know I mean well noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second like um you know uh you know to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the like uh um you know um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that okay well so um like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor okay I mean okay so well will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie well so you know I mean I mean case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum well uh like okay well listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the well uh well I mean well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care I mean um I mean I mean well of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some uh so like okay um She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to well like uh uh um do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a you know so well um okay rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top um you know um so you know featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon well um so uh uh to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news you know I mean you know uh okay. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, um uh uh so uh we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all um I mean so well like about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift uh you know so you know I mean from 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse uh so um uh okay multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with okay uh well well um me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being so um um well you know welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for so like um you know uh being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started you know okay so like so. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding brand you know well well well so. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's me um I mean like okay uh back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself like you know you know um like about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are I mean okay you know so you know spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break so like uh um okay up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan like like okay like well a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off um okay uh um so planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning like you know um I mean so a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording um uh um um okay from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that okay uh um so you know we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good you know uh uh okay um. It's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're so um uh okay you know not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, okay well you know I mean you know welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part okay I mean okay so I mean of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful I mean like well well you know Brooke less so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful you know so you know uh okay. We are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little okay I mean I mean uh so different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man Booth okay so you know okay um today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or reminder to um um like like okay everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we I mean like you know like like go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first practice, okay uh okay um so but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as okay I mean you know um okay many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open you know I mean well well okay to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and you know so okay well okay the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, you know uh you know okay um so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned okay you know well you know well that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to well well you know I mean so get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit you know I mean okay um you know on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work uh um well so so. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite you know uh okay you know you know pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there invincibles okay um uh so like hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week for well okay um I mean like the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton. Last well well well okay so time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game week one so you know so um uh. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the I mean okay you know uh well world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of uh okay well I mean um you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known I mean like um uh I mean. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot of players okay you know you know I mean okay on your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys okay I mean so you know um. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk I mean uh you know so like about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days so you know I mean I mean I mean since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions you know so like well uh show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you um you know you know uh well know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're okay like you know you know like yeah, the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And well um okay I mean like I think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely you know I mean okay um uh see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just like um so um like want to talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances uh like you know I mean you know gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and like well um uh I mean click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had so you know uh like like they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you okay you know um so well know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you uh uh uh uh okay know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in you know like uh uh okay the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you well okay like well I mean don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every so uh I mean okay okay now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's um so uh okay well like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but like so so um okay just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where so well um so well we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another okay well so um so installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and I mean so so you know um fire the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at okay you know I mean okay I mean the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up well so so like um on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to like you know I mean you know so Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back like so um um so on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when you know so so uh you know we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the uh so you know um so mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help I mean okay uh uh like us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding okay uh like uh um that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do um well um you know well find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or okay you know um I mean you know they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in so like like I mean I mean a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a um okay like so I mean lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people um okay um um uh. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to like um okay okay you know join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions like like you know you know I mean anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of um so uh well you know the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on like so like well so behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our um well you know you know okay show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the well um okay well I mean podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband here you know you know uh okay um with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco ton. 10:59 I mean um uh okay I mean before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our excitement so uh I mean well um about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as an you know so like I mean I mean opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over the past. It'll be I mean I mean okay um um 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought of favorite like uh so you know um passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned together, I mean like uh okay like please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You uh like okay like so can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm so well well um you know your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that uh you know so so like we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this you know um uh uh okay show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your uh okay okay like um podcasts. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you know uh you know okay well you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top like well um I mean so 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad um so I mean well well killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics like like okay uh um Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the you know I mean um um like terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country um uh you know uh you know attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some well uh so well like egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops you know um so you know um moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the long-running um so I mean okay you know super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and well uh okay uh so ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks um so like well um so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that okay you know okay um like you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's okay uh you know so well been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very uh you know okay uh I mean long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about okay I mean so you know I mean child sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the okay I mean uh well like proposal of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders like so you know okay like if they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, uh uh well like uh but in January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill uh so okay uh like to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its well uh okay well okay calls for the government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly uh so uh uh like podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so you know I mean you know so uh far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made okay so um I mean okay a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she okay okay um I mean you know put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it um well uh well well that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big okay like so well uh difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set like I mean okay um okay it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do the well um um you know well top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do it for um so um I mean well a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top 10 well so I mean I mean I mean. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just why so I mean I mean well well is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big you know I mean I mean like uh fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where you know uh um okay I mean we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist so like well I mean I mean Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty uh you know okay okay okay first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that I mean uh so so you know Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in you know you know you know well uh Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording like um you know okay okay a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So you so so okay um okay see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little um so okay like you know deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those um like you know like so out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check um you know you know you know you know them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal um uh so I mean okay. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde okay um well I mean so. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going to um uh you know well well Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the bottom shelf uh uh okay so okay. It always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and um like well well so if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's well you know okay you know well the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is green well so well uh so wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which is the uh so uh well you know best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it well uh so like so in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you okay uh I mean well um. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins you know you know uh uh well me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am like I mean so like well so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her um so I mean so uh story and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This um okay okay I mean so girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just you know like well um so so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life uh well you know well you know and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for well like so I mean like people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you like uh uh you know okay so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting um uh um so you know down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these um you know so um um various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone Mac like okay okay um uh on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car well um um um I mean. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a I mean like like you know I mean few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really uh so I mean you know uh good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey uh you know like um okay was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you I mean so like so uh know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about well so um um I mean. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining I mean I mean like like uh will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie I mean um so you know okay with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric okay uh I mean so so. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo well so um I mean uh TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You you know I mean um you know so don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it well okay so so uh helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as you know so I mean well well we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this like um like uh so is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if I mean like well well like you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new uh like you know I mean I mean book Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and I mean okay like like you know spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin so um uh I mean I mean. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special uh like I mean I mean so guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them like so like like um on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with uh you know uh um uh us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to okay um I mean okay uh be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other you know I mean well okay okay people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on so I mean um okay like the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now um okay so so like where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is okay okay you know so well like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into and I mean uh like well well now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on you know you know I mean okay okay the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through so uh um okay like the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two well like um like okay shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss okay I mean okay um well both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I well okay so I mean like want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll love um well um you know um. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want um uh I mean um so to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if okay so you know well you know the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or I mean well um well um worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer I mean so uh well so for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away you know I mean like um so and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make so um well well I mean a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, well um uh so like which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so you know like I mean well podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your you know uh okay uh okay podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download well I mean okay okay like the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we I mean you know okay um so are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt I mean um so you know well Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is like I mean uh I mean um episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast you know you know well so so. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, okay uh you know um okay ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got uh okay well so I mean a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website um I mean like okay um life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams well so like so um. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are I mean so I mean like like behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl um you know well so you know game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm um so well you know uh telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country I mean so uh like so. I love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well um so like um me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay okay I mean I mean so your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you okay you know um like I mean. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make so uh uh you know um money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to you know so uh I mean so make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the you know you know so uh like FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk well okay like you know well. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth I mean I mean like you know you know means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not so I mean uh like uh just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about I mean well so you know uh establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North like well um uh like America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an I mean okay you know um you know intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of you know like like you know I mean pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big so you know well um like Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure I mean so okay I mean I mean to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen you know like I mean like so to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners would I mean um um I mean like support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor uh you know uh um um dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone like um um I mean uh Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in I mean you know um uh um the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by okay like you know like okay mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects I mean you know so well you know. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and um um I mean so you know mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the um you know um um I mean crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at um like uh okay I mean the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from like well um okay um birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put so um I mean I mean um every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw well like I mean um so Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as did like uh uh like um John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his like so okay okay you know attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City uh like like okay so in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center I mean uh well um so cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline uh so so like you know in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty so so okay I mean uh hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row so I mean like so you know upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of well um you know you know okay rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was you know okay well well okay a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no like I mean so I mean okay one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my like like uh you know uh fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days um uh well okay um. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast I mean like uh you know uh back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? well you know well you know so It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which like so okay well okay was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here uh you know okay uh uh in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on like okay uh so so Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend uh okay okay well okay by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and they have so uh I mean um you know internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It I mean you know you know like so is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine and okay well you know um so your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all well I mean uh I mean okay going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and okay I mean so you know so two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo like um okay so um speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown I mean okay so I mean uh. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still uh I mean uh uh well hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll uh so um you know I mean his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best like um well okay you know friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in okay um I mean uh like another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must uh well well so okay feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid like well I mean um like that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none um okay you know um like but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards I mean you know you know uh like Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right you know okay you know like uh. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be okay I mean so uh um drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've um so so I mean uh reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, okay I mean okay well like you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also like well uh uh so the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in my um you know well um um soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very strong like well um okay um convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs Map onto so okay um okay uh my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey you know um so uh I mean of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of so like okay um so the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing like okay um okay uh. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are um you know like like okay promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of I mean so so you know I mean our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you you know um uh okay like hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could well um well okay you know end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you you know okay you know so like happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast uh okay you know I mean uh. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions you know you know so like you know and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the so so so okay like easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives so okay you know I mean like you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your okay uh well uh you know mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and um well you know uh I mean edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify you know you know well I mean so. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make I mean I mean well okay I mean money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor or um you know uh like um go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and well you know um um okay this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with well so well I mean um you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly Scheib uh well so so well. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my co-host okay well uh so I mean Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as well you know so um okay is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known I mean so well um I mean virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly well well so like I mean relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California um okay uh I mean uh. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is so like uh so uh originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United so like you know well okay States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you I mean well okay you know you know they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts you know you know so um okay we have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr like so so well um. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter uh like okay you know you know and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What uh um well uh um kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for well you know so well so my work and telling me how just in a short period of time. He's so like um I mean well in a situation where I guess his he's been married. And he's in the like I mean I mean so I mean process of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found you know you know you know okay you know out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the uh well I mean um so interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the like I mean like you know I mean divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up like um well okay well with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast like uh you know you know I mean with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged so I mean well I mean okay those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to I mean um uh so I mean getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few like so well well I mean when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start you know okay okay okay okay a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months like well I mean well okay now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to so like I mean uh um my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird you know I mean well well like one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world so you know well uh um ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I I mean you know I mean I mean you know don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees uh you know well uh well and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is you know I mean um like so gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit like so so okay I mean it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how like uh uh okay you know much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if I mean well uh I mean so you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta I mean well you know I mean like be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where um you know uh I mean well you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And you know so I mean so you know that ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit okay well um so you know and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know like I mean you know okay so it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I think well um well um so timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days well so okay like you know. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be like like well um you know releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here okay um um uh well week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week I mean so uh um okay mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's okay so okay okay um something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever you know uh okay like you know do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode okay so uh well you know. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to uh okay you know uh so join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in okay so like so uh Spain. What up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special uh uh okay you know you know guests from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude well okay like um well and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the like okay well I mean um unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was um well um you know um found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed okay I mean like like uh to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that night okay well okay well well to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever you okay uh like like um get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener you know so like well well discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may well like like uh okay find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid so um okay uh okay conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 like so I mean um so in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus okay okay um so uh on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and I mean so I mean well uh osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear you know so um you know well many of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill I mean well um uh like a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings you know okay uh you know um us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No well well I mean like I mean interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes you know you know like uh um some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay well so I mean well so or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and you know okay so well so opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This is uh um um uh uh the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're you know you know like okay um looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th so well well you know like century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside um so so you know so this enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd uh I mean so um you know imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things you know like um I mean okay started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark uh like uh um uh. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I mean um you know I mean like I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to uh you know well okay well you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time uh well well like um. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like um like you know I mean I mean you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I I mean well okay like well don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because we okay I mean um so I mean had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted so you know like you know okay at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found Mice I mean like uh like I mean in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold for a few while well I mean I mean like I mean we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in um so well so you know our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places okay you know uh well um. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's okay I mean I mean well like the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week I mean so like I mean uh and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode well like you know uh like is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 like um like uh I mean episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick you know so I mean I mean I mean around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups like like you know I mean like. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure so you know I mean uh I mean to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now um I mean um so you know for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To uh like um you know well enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw I mean okay um so you know. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we um okay well so uh have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for uh I mean okay uh um joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's so so um so like get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you know so okay like um you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that like like uh okay uh I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin bring so like so like I mean on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with like okay uh I mean I mean Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get uh well uh okay you know eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women well like uh like um tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode well well you know you know I mean includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise like I mean you know um you know Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass so I mean you know you know um Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial um I mean uh like okay leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president um well like you know I mean of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least I mean okay so like I mean. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels so um like I mean you know flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of so well um uh well the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity okay so uh uh uh and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order uh I mean okay um so to reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend well well you know so I mean while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly so like I mean you know um recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in so you know um well I mean my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of okay well well like you know Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming okay you know you know okay you know out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because you know uh I mean so uh I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to like okay um uh uh Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best uh I mean I mean like okay way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put um okay so so uh it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use okay well uh I mean okay it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and so um okay you know okay I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor you know uh like so like if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, well I mean like so um man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner um okay um you know okay has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know you know so I mean so I mean has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for well uh you know um I mean your partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you know well like okay well you're in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you okay so I mean well well want to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe well okay you know you know um you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be so I mean okay I mean um on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down uh uh like um well in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang you know you know so um uh out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from okay uh you know you know you know time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in so um so so um conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing like uh I mean well uh an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and um I mean uh so I mean to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may well I mean so well um have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group you know like well um I mean of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to okay you know uh you know I mean the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at well you know you know uh well Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you uh so well um I mean should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people come through and sort um uh you know um like of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got a few you know um like okay you know things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show so like I mean like so notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it like you know so I mean I mean. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying uh um I mean I mean well all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that uh um so you know okay habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And you know so so uh you know so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and well you know you know like uh bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a so um I mean uh um stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any well well I mean um okay who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their like so you know I mean so alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well I mean like um well well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish I mean okay uh uh I mean. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be I mean I mean uh you know so here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth okay um okay okay uh. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so so like okay uh so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I well um like so well was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and uh I mean um okay I mean when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was okay okay well so well also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious you know I mean so like okay and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously um you know so like so we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting okay okay like like uh announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the like uh um okay you know Frolic podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance so like I mean I mean like related as you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance like well so like uh fiction and Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super okay so I mean well so fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes um I mean okay okay well romance knows the value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part um so um well like of this community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the like okay uh I mean uh other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches I mean um well um uh trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million well you know uh uh I mean. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about um okay you know uh well the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most well so so I mean I mean notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode you know so so okay you know. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've okay I mean you know so uh collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, okay like so I mean like like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really uh um uh well you know is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you uh uh I mean you know you know listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the I mean like uh like well description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me like you know well you know okay and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope I mean I mean so um like you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 I mean um well like like in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally okay um like so uh literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is uh uh so uh well some sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and okay uh so like uh we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat well I mean you know uh okay we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with I mean so um I mean uh us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to okay you know okay okay so do this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other so like well uh um day that we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is um I mean um like so like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the uh I mean okay um you know fact Checkers out there to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that I mean okay uh uh you know are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the um I mean uh well I mean course of the show, but that just has because we do is almost zero prep okay like so um okay. We just kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and okay I mean I mean well so I think most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin okay okay I mean I mean you know someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't uh well you know um well think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield um okay well so like and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late okay you know okay well um. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to well I mean you know okay I mean New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot I mean uh um well like of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I I mean okay well you know so had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get I mean um you know well you know my pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I like well um okay so see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in I mean like like like uh New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and I mean okay I mean like so it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house okay uh well I mean you know and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm you know so okay you know uh trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my well I mean like you know uh name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw I mean um I mean well like and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about you know okay um like um scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on like uh um okay like speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a you know okay um um like mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by um well um uh okay our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay uh you know okay okay um now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips like you know I mean so uh episode 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was like uh well uh okay right. Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there you know like uh uh like wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next you know uh okay well okay time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via you know well well so um Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to you know I mean uh well uh warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost so so like okay well always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that well well okay you know uh we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like um well uh so um it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like well like um um uh that. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening like um uh uh um. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode well uh I mean well I mean includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution like I mean uh okay um for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone you know okay uh you know uh home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and okay so uh you know like the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league so so um uh like Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories like so um you know okay about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of okay I mean so so um a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a so uh uh so like bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight so um okay well I mean line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs okay well uh I mean uh for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the um uh well so you know space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee so you know okay well you know was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all I mean okay you know okay well know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely okay uh okay uh so remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than okay you know okay uh so I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down I mean so like like you know the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go you know like so you know uh back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he okay uh uh so uh was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two so well um like um years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for okay like okay well okay more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can so um so well you know listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers I mean uh uh well you know had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew I mean uh you know you know like ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious well you know okay like well minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when you know like you know uh you know you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you drag your aching uh uh well uh um body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh your data stream I mean um like so like oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you dress you like so um well uh ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds with you know you know um okay okay the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't I mean I mean well I mean I mean remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday well um uh so I mean and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And I mean I mean so well well today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis so like I mean okay you know and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential like so I mean okay well targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you you know so um okay so guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth I mean so you know um um the legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain you know well uh like okay Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that well uh okay I mean like dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the well you know well uh well doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of you know okay like uh so dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all well um okay okay um about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by um I mean okay um like an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed I mean um uh uh well that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our okay um okay okay like mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that so so you know so well is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just you know okay okay so well my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're so you know like okay like also going to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the so like you know okay like world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and um um okay okay um then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it I mean okay I mean uh uh is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you well um so I mean I mean can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was I mean well well so uh for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great so like uh uh okay compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today okay so so like you know and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity I mean um I mean okay well business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get I mean so so like um the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app okay like like okay okay and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art you know well um well I mean of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated so like like like well by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy so I mean like you know uh and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when okay like well I mean well her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah so so okay uh like first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your um well like you know uh own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is uh I mean well I mean I mean the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast well uh you know you know uh. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download so uh uh well okay our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit uh you know I mean well well go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes I mean okay um like so Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All like so like uh okay it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on I mean you know like um uh your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one like so okay you know so of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you so you know uh okay I mean. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the like so uh okay uh Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the um okay I mean uh you know bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay okay so uh so me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh so like like um your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you um um you know I mean like. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money um so I mean well you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a uh so okay okay I mean podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to you know uh okay you know um get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast you know you know you know you know okay today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We uh um well so um have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at so um so you know well home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find so I mean uh you know I mean the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, okay so okay um like I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been like I mean well okay I mean Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists well okay so uh like of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio you know well uh I mean um trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on okay like like like um the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair you know I mean I mean I mean so up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find so you know you know uh uh around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions so so I mean um so at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the uh um um well so moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we go. So so you know well I mean I mean today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and so well well well like curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take a uh well you know um I mean break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here we okay so you know well well go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you you know okay I mean you know like know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child um well I mean well well mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so uh um like um like the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to uh like I mean okay uh share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of I mean I mean so I mean uh funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you want to so you know uh you know like call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with before I went okay well so you know so Monk. And a father to a woman about my age that I met on one like okay so like you know of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites you know you know so so I mean Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up uh well well well okay to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting you know okay well uh um through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of um well um uh well different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle uh okay okay you know uh of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having um well like like okay me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no uh um so so so. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord I mean like well like well and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about okay um well well uh it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning um well well um okay of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be well well well I mean so no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really so well I mean like so following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script um uh okay so I mean shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to uh well you know I mean I mean create new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / okay you know um so like stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are well so so you know okay super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit so I mean uh uh okay together. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank um um uh so like you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so uh you know okay okay well many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it you know uh okay uh uh. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess okay well well like uh vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, so you know like I mean um we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team um you know okay so I mean can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google so like I mean like so podcast drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts well okay uh so so. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going like so like uh okay to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe so I mean uh you know so don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist you know so you know so I mean because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining so like uh uh okay to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good I mean um well um okay stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk like uh well um you know to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist like okay like uh I mean extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage well well well like you know. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having like okay I mean I mean well me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine I mean well uh I mean so because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and okay like like so I mean go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to so you know okay well okay be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my um I mean you know you know you know best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning okay um well okay so you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do you have to uh well like like uh go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I mean well um you know okay I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was I mean uh uh uh um on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm like well I mean you know well here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you uh like so okay so are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing so well I mean like um platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room well you know so I mean well get your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the okay okay uh well like easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation okay so so so okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer like you know I mean so like anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on so so you know um uh Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm um um so so okay not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with um I mean you know well uh no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's okay uh well um well guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient I mean um okay I mean like a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand um like like okay you know side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters at I mean like I mean you know um Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and okay well uh so okay then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces you know um well okay well a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming um um so um uh weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she uh okay so you know okay wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before um like like uh you know we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor so you know you know I mean uh. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free I mean so like okay I mean. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you well well well so um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer uh uh like so um makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard I mean um uh um um. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with okay um I mean I mean okay no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one you know okay like well well place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot you know um I mean okay um. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good I mean you know so okay I mean cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck I mean like I mean uh I mean down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory uh so I mean um you know victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has um like well like uh Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions so so well so um. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the you know well um okay I mean final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your well I mean you know okay well host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very um I mean so okay I mean excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean well uh you know well okay paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning so you know you know so well Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does okay I mean uh uh um a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today you know um I mean uh I mean is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some okay you know well okay uh amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to I mean um uh uh well Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here um so like so like. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the you know okay like uh I mean weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good um uh uh uh uh about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be uh so so you know like fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast um um uh well well. My name is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We okay well uh you know okay have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an I mean like you know like okay interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I mean you know you know I mean okay I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it I mean you know well uh like didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you you know I mean like uh um always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were so uh you know I mean I mean doing it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805 like well so you know I mean. The men of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along you know okay like um well the banks of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day I mean you know well um like of traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in I mean um like so okay their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured okay well uh well like by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided okay like you know I mean like it wanted to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it okay okay okay like I mean unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that um I mean uh you know um our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's like well so like so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools like I mean so I mean okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know uh um uh well computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute um um um okay okay. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so like well I mean so many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership well you know you know uh um. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download like you know you know um you know the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started well um you know you know you know now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're you know okay like uh uh hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the I mean um um you know uh Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast like uh um like like where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your like uh okay well um hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That uh um um okay well means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based um so um well like on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come uh I mean well I mean I mean and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually I mean um uh um like a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to well I mean you know well uh talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just you know so okay I mean you know any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and well uh um well um how to get them into your business as leads and where to take it uh um okay well uh from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without well you know like like I mean further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark so uh so I mean so Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services okay uh okay so uh provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to well uh you know I mean so make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you well I mean well well you know to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute uh okay okay you know so your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean well okay well okay and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and like I mean um like I mean our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base uh I mean um you know okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started um okay you know uh so. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the I mean okay you know like I mean mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what I mean so uh uh you know is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast well like like well you know. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube so like okay you know uh channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and so I mean uh um I mean they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So um you know you know you know um kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick um uh okay like uh a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You uh well so you know you know can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post like uh like like well a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you well okay like um um know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then you know like like you know okay the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make that well uh okay so uh website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first so like I mean um so sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a um um so you know you know couple different options you have and then let you know what I do well okay you know like uh and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad okay well I mean I mean uh human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two I mean like um so so very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi um well well uh so everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi um like um okay uh guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable you know okay um okay so break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you so I mean okay you know well had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during uh I mean um like um our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called you know uh like I mean so anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you so well uh like you know. So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now so I mean so uh so. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to uh you know um okay I mean create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your so uh well like I mean computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down you know um like I mean I mean apple and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I um so I mean so um just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make so well I mean I mean okay money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an uh well well you know uh ad that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit I mean you know so okay um of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can so okay like uh I mean give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th um okay well um uh episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We like uh so okay so are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to I mean so you know uh um talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at um um um like well Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell like so well I mean well at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak so okay okay I mean like into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like like like uh um um subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can you know like well well uh get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building like so um like you know on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline well so okay so so swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to so so well um well find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They um like I mean well um literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody I mean I mean I mean well okay. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words okay like so well well because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies uh well so I mean uh seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this is um so you know you know well my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I would say I mean okay like so um if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need tuning in okay um like um you know if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast about well, let like well okay um I mean me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going like so you know you know um to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from like I mean well okay uh Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open you know you know you know so you know relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned uh uh okay like well. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't okay like well uh you know heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to I mean you know okay like okay make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and um okay um I mean okay it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, um okay I mean uh so you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing um so like um well it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay um okay um you know right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and well um like well like Shay. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before you know you know um so I mean we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were um I mean well so like reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers well you know well um well. We don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it so like I mean um uh Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after so uh okay so um reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock I mean uh you know you know well right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just okay uh uh like I mean to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went so well well well like down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went like like uh uh like to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm um um um uh um here with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious okay okay so okay I mean. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and well well I mean I mean so I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah I mean uh I mean uh you know from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me um I mean so so you know feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry um okay um well um never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I well um uh so um like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like you're what so you know well I mean well I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing um well um you know like my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in so uh okay you know like my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode so well uh you know um This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do um uh like I mean you know once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go okay well um so well live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So um okay so so like if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it you know well well uh um. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able you know you know like you know like to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting um um you know okay well and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo like um you know like I mean episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, so uh uh so I mean March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look you know uh okay like like similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all well okay so so like previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel you know well um you know so 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr I mean um um you know um. Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the like uh um um okay United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases okay you know okay so um are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have uh so so you know like occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed so like uh so uh past a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases I mean like you know uh so in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, uh well um uh like but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case like I mean I mean so well in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing like I mean okay you know okay home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah well I mean well you know like the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush um you know you know so well. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we okay like well okay so go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system okay okay um like well that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac okay so like okay like bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into I mean like so I mean I mean it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy um uh uh so I mean. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what well like I mean so okay I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff so well well so so that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with okay like um um okay Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about but um uh I mean um um let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up like I mean so well okay with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very proud of like so so um uh that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm uh um you know uh well a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which I mean I mean so you know um is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, um um you know you know you know where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with well I mean I mean you know like an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he like I mean um I mean I mean passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He was uh so okay you know so a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached so like uh okay well the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami. This okay um um I mean um wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to all Pilots like like you know um uh regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at his uh you know you know okay like PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard so well okay I mean okay the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and um okay you know so uh welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises so um um I mean like to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career like um okay I mean um. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for you know like okay uh I mean fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to okay okay so okay uh be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and well like like okay you know having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo I mean I mean like um you know Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas I mean well like like uh in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor well like well okay well Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I uh you know uh you know I mean named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics um so I mean um I mean rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great uh uh well uh I mean techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and so like you know you know so respect just to name a few join me each week as I dive into these um so like um well topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs uh um like so okay Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations okay um okay you know well with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire well you know well um so you to take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast like uh like well so. I am super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure okay like well well like and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's uh um okay well okay from Toronto Canada and she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty like okay um um uh campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and okay like okay um I mean all of those things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking um uh um so so with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you uh like you know well like guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode uh you know okay so well starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title okay um so you know so of this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started um so okay like um this podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking okay so uh um I mean about random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good um so so like um title. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started um okay I mean um well to figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice um uh uh okay um a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about you know well I mean okay uh mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as well I mean so I mean you know a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast you know uh so so um will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be I mean well I mean okay I mean. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast uh um uh you know like and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper okay so I mean so okay decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your uh like I mean so so boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4 you know you know you know you know I mean. So we've got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going like so I mean okay um to get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that you know okay like so um stuff. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little you know uh uh well you know Daniel. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on like I mean okay okay I mean the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to so um um you know like let me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode you know uh well well uh I am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house so okay I mean uh well some of the questions that I get about buying an old house and some so well well you know okay of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking I mean well I mean you know uh about purchasing an old house and then make sure to stay all the way to like you know you know I mean so the end because I just started a new segment. This is the first episode okay I mean I mean I mean uh that I'm doing it where I answer a random question from Instagram. My um well like uh okay name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the blog and YouTube you know I mean well I mean uh channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you my love for creating uh like so I mean so a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic well so you know I mean well of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is I mean okay I mean well um something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you know you know uh you know you know you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel I mean um okay so okay like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going well uh you know um uh to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really um well okay like um great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other um um I mean well like days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're okay you know I mean so like just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear well okay so I mean you know and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or uh I mean okay okay okay that business you want to build or that career you want to have uh you know okay uh well is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who uh um like uh okay knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This like um well like okay is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described okay okay you know so um in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show so okay so uh uh. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest you know well you know like um month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is well okay so you know I mean the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage well okay I mean like I mean that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think uh okay um you know um about the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches like well I mean um I mean that we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office okay uh okay well um some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life uh you know uh like okay and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a I mean like uh I mean so motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also um um okay I mean um known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names um uh um okay well do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in you know um like uh uh criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the like you know uh okay well beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and okay so well so um her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, like you know uh well like California. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen like okay like um well welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm well uh okay I mean okay here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How uh uh you know um uh are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in um uh you know um like your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is so I mean uh well so always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and um okay okay like um together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in it so well like you know okay. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but uh okay like well I mean I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what well uh I mean um so I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I okay well like uh okay have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are uh um you know like uh friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here um um well so like with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming okay um I mean um so from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so you know so so so so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true um um so I mean like too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too okay uh like well like. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story well okay well well uh for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? so I mean uh um you know How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're so I mean um I mean like going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage uh um you know so uh all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd okay okay um okay okay FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did well uh okay well uh not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it okay I mean so so like like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the I mean well okay um so anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor so you know okay like so will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major I mean okay you know well well podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do uh well like you know you know anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to so you know okay okay uh make use of it. If you have a message if you have some um well like I mean okay come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply okay you know I mean I mean I mean want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to well well I mean I mean okay buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice um um so like so and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy okay I mean like uh uh this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social you know um so well okay media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's well you know okay so so Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would well so I mean um um love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you um um well well I mean think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one well well okay uh like is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect like okay well you know I mean those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of well uh I mean well so the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the um um okay uh uh regular program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a well I mean I mean okay uh landline and strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring well okay well you know well my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps uh okay um um uh Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for you know so I mean well well a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners well like so so like on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those so you know okay okay so amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, so like um so so thanks so much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise I mean well like well well. So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What I mean you know um okay so you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire uh okay okay uh well life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our okay okay um uh well manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best friend you know like uh well well good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want to like so you know you know like talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event coming up um uh so uh okay in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by well okay I mean well well the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's so you know well okay well important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your you know like um I mean you know boy Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way like well um I mean like back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it so uh okay so like is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So so um uh uh um what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long um uh like you know like time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute well uh um okay well like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you you know um like um um every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like like like I mean uh so that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as far as um like so I mean I mean playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always amazed like so um so uh with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I okay okay I mean well so mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already listened well I mean so I mean okay to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of I mean like you know um um stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play like I mean uh so well for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of okay uh well you know so you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream so I mean so well you know and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So now you're okay I mean well you know uh actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say I so I mean I mean okay okay did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your I mean um like um um own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my I mean I mean okay uh okay selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting okay like uh you know well together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator okay you know I mean you know like of your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed um um you know uh like beans that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two okay you know you know I mean like realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the well so okay you know okay greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you um like well well you know are as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in um I mean so so um the process of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute like um okay okay uh and we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge I mean okay um like so is for you to come with us in other words because we're not going I mean well okay um I mean with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world you know okay I mean um I mean because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes like okay like like so discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme uh you know you know uh so Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was okay well um so you know searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she okay okay uh I mean okay heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter I mean okay okay so I mean asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They had um um I mean I mean um just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, like so like I mean you know they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to Michelle's you know I mean like okay you know message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that um uh so okay uh would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to like um you know okay well the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting uh uh okay so okay here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has you know okay I mean like uh. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with well like like so uh blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is uh I mean well you know um that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have well so you know um like the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa you know uh well so so actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past okay well well like uh and is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any okay I mean like okay I mean reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature I mean I mean well you know um and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on I mean I mean so you know well the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement um um okay uh I mean or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster like I mean okay uh um bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is okay so okay okay so Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing I mean uh um you know so show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine I mean um well like um start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the uh um okay okay okay outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we um you know um so uh talk about heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave uh I mean so like I mean hero who may have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But so well like well uh this is the story that people have told about what happened many years ago. In well I mean okay like well the 1700s before America was called the United States the British and Americans were War you know so uh um I mean. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with I mean I mean like um um Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help well um so you know um you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and like well I mean like you know then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the uh I mean um like okay Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles well um you know like okay rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small I mean you know um like like dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked I mean um like um uh in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence okay uh I mean like uh enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big I mean so you know okay okay questions of life through the lens of the good the true and the well like you know well so Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations like I mean okay so um with people of diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world well I mean you know well so Anew through each other's unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty so like well well um you can have a yes they did to do to live and to act but like you know uh um uh certainty the things most of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we you know so okay so um were about them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you uh okay well well well from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? I mean so like well uh Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I so like like I mean I mean know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two so so okay uh um girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's um so okay I mean so G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or so um you know well uh how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix okay okay I mean so uh. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has uh so uh uh well been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about like well like well I mean Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not um uh okay okay so only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating okay like uh well um discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be well okay I mean I mean so long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's you know I mean you know you know so the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality uh you know so okay you know Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a so so so you know okay cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just so uh uh uh you know a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet you know you know so so okay and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button uh I mean I mean okay well. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your so um like um so day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining like I mean so I mean I mean me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and um like uh so okay pray this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm like um uh I mean so just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out I mean okay so okay like of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I well you know you know you know you know don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling you know you know okay well uh 100% but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I you know like so okay um went back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate I mean um uh uh you know of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature I mean um um uh I mean films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you well like um uh so enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast I mean uh I mean um I mean every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible um uh um you know I mean cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds like uh well uh uh flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola well you know um you know so with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear um like you know uh you know separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie um like okay uh uh. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to you know I mean you know well you know yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab case so you know well uh like Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are like well you know uh I mean there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in you know um like well uh the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm uh like okay you know um really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic well uh um uh okay. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to uh so um you know so unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever like like okay I mean like stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great uh uh so I mean like to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine okay uh um so you know. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I I mean you know you know well well live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out well uh okay like like if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I well I mean well uh okay reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link um you know uh well so in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that uh you know like so well Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because so well like um I mean Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this like well I mean uh like straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so you know well okay uh okay she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other uh okay like you know I mean reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see so okay I mean I mean so no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments like okay I mean I mean um below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're you know well you know uh okay new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So uh you know you know well so check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor I mean like like you know uh after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting uh uh you know like okay ready for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker you know like like I mean um sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland uh like uh so I mean. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago like I mean I mean uh I mean she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee okay uh you know I mean like. She serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for um um well I mean so ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO like um okay um like chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some like you know okay so okay prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre uh well I mean okay okay. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also okay I mean okay okay well talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the well I mean so okay um Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen so um uh I mean well to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the okay I mean well um okay world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to you know well um you know so explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons. I'm so so well okay uh one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - man. That's um I mean like um I mean right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character okay okay I mean I mean uh hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again uh okay you know um okay because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send so I mean you know uh um those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before okay um um uh uh all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time so well okay you know uh since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week you know you know okay you know okay. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I okay I mean I mean okay like played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D like okay you know so well. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh uh I mean uh like me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and so so so um you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast I mean I mean I mean uh like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you okay okay you know uh uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need like okay well so um to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to I mean um um I mean I mean incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated like I mean uh so like Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and you know um uh okay I mean Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford so um uh well okay copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some uh I mean um I mean well of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street so like uh okay well Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 okay um I mean uh you know on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa um okay so well so Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night um okay I mean like I mean. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa you know okay well like uh Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk I mean so uh well well for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending with other well so like you know okay work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring um I mean you know well okay and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the well well like so um other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there I mean um you know I mean like something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim um so I mean so so believe it or not? Because they always write a five or six or so um okay uh uh seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, okay um like you know um you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a you know I mean you know like like text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son so like um well so from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit okay okay well so well of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about anchor you know so you know so uh it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot I mean so well like well of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from uh I mean okay uh I mean your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor you know um I mean I mean so up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It's going I mean you know well you know so to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna uh uh well like like podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk okay I mean like um like about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be uh so you know I mean so a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our uh uh um so you know website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask I mean I mean like like like you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I mean so like like so I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? uh um you know um I mean Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 you know so you know like you know above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't okay you know I mean like okay allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to I mean you know you know like you know introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this well I mean like so I mean. You already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it like like like well okay going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray you know okay so um I mean the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school I mean uh okay I mean uh we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't okay like I mean well like ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse um um like I mean so. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into um well okay I mean well this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't uh so you know so like heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you uh well uh I mean like need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here uh well well um you know today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind well like okay I mean um of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't like I mean um um uh really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with well well like um so a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself um well um I mean uh a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous um so I mean you know well lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is I mean like so uh so the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out well um uh I mean so if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported uh like well well well that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the like um I mean okay well description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly well uh um um well going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was you know uh um uh okay announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something you know uh so like I mean weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to um um okay well um be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would okay so so I mean uh have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no so okay okay like I mean other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in like okay um I mean well the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're uh you know um so so new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier so so like um so today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our um um I mean um I mean Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's well I mean like I mean okay just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is I mean well so well so a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never I mean so um like like met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he okay like so like well is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the well uh well I mean well what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him uh uh um you know I mean up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved you know you know you know okay okay music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will well you know I mean okay I mean start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, uh well uh I mean so I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're you know like well I mean well going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you like I mean um uh okay a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open I mean uh um so you know. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again so uh well like like calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, um uh okay you know okay we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against uh um I mean I mean like the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here I mean okay well um um. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours like okay like okay uh top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer um you know like like you know he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play you know well I mean so uh soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me um I mean so okay okay to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological so okay so well uh order. So my first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's so um okay you know I mean written soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and um so so um okay I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could so well like you know okay just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat like uh okay um so with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi I mean okay so I mean so Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me so well well well you know about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce okay um okay like so sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's like you know well I mean I mean a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me um I mean you know well like. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She I mean you know so well okay just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category so so like um you know. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster so um uh okay uh than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis I mean like I mean like well are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if so um okay uh you know it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered okay okay I mean you know so that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with okay you know uh um okay your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to okay well okay you know um discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New like well you know so like Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows um you know uh well like will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other um like so uh uh shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope I mean um well um uh you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality okay um um uh you know in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have uh like like so like a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you uh like uh you know so don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close like uh I mean um uh up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize like you know you know I mean I mean your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning I mean uh so um well you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you um like so I mean you know from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH like like so you know uh with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings I mean so so uh uh. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and um you know I mean um I mean I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or um so okay okay well permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going you know I mean so I mean you know to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep I mean well uh so you know thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this so um I mean like um episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people well okay well you know so may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old so uh I mean okay you know Lisa Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to I mean so well so okay this cramped office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer so well okay I mean like guy Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He um um you know well um said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his well I mean like well you know teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not um okay uh like you know just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He uh you know well like um is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I okay so okay like I mean don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry um um um like um be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 you know so I mean well I mean of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to you know I mean uh so well Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This uh I mean okay okay like is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the uh uh I mean um you know name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called a so you know you know well uh mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which you know so you know um you know we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all like well like okay well our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on the okay um you know so um help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness we you know so um I mean um strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not yet guaranteed uh like well well well. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first and active pursuit of you know I mean well uh I mean God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't heard well okay um so uh about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me well um so uh well go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do there's well well so so you know creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know well so I mean okay phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your well uh like like you know podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many you know okay like you know well more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's so uh uh okay so everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this okay well okay okay you know is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I so well um like okay prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your okay well uh I mean well relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't well well so you know um go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here uh I mean so you know uh. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles uh like okay uh uh 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next well um like okay I mean Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach uh I mean I mean uh like this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience um like like uh okay. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really okay like so you know um loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of the okay well okay okay like month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are you know so okay well okay here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've so you know okay like um got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to well well uh so um make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can okay you know I mean I mean so make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really serious I mean um you know you know well and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted so like okay well like. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find you know I mean uh like like out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good well I mean uh uh well. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be like so uh you know I mean announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We so so like I mean like have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the good so uh I mean well um week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know well you know I mean well you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson and I mean okay uh okay I mean his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer so uh well I mean you know of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer so well like like like knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some okay like okay so so true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic well well uh okay I mean like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti well you know I mean like like who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who um so uh um um craved notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast so well I mean so uh. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I uh um well well you know wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am I mean like well um um interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce okay so okay you know so businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing uh okay you know so okay here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things that like you know uh like I mean somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which like you know uh okay I mean is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine so like well um I mean seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in well well like uh um the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle you know you know like so you know East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will so uh well uh so learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less well okay um like uh cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your okay uh uh uh um host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby so uh so uh okay Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes I mean I mean okay like um with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said uh you know um so so that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have um you know I mean so you know been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in so well you know um well the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called um I mean well uh okay a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the you know so um you know um most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you you know um well um you know and I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of okay um okay I mean like history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this you know uh um um okay role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor so okay I mean well so and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a well uh you know um well specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce uh you know um well uh to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that like so okay uh um we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it you know um okay um I mean a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here like so uh I mean like we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind uh you know so I mean uh of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us I mean so okay like um start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and okay you know so like like kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's um well um like um an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us uh I mean I mean well well. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer okay so okay well you know old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think well I mean uh okay uh you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the so you know like so like house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well okay um like uh uh really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good so okay well uh okay. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about like so okay well well the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival okay you know you know um okay selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade well okay okay um I mean 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently I mean uh um okay like got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home you know um I mean you know like at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed well well I mean uh well and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for I mean so um so like he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie I mean um like well you know Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 like you know uh I mean um and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into I mean um so uh like much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I well uh uh uh you know was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the well I mean okay okay okay TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize well well uh so so. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where well uh well um um is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually okay um uh uh I mean having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll you know um well uh you know catch up. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast you know I mean okay like so of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all so like so you know okay the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't like well okay so okay know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought well I mean like I mean like I was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as okay uh uh well well you press the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set um okay so well well up for the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind well okay so uh uh of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure I mean like uh um I mean out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a I mean you know you know so um proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why I mean you know um okay um you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way well um okay like okay shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and like you know so okay I mean popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm um um um like you know your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life well like you know I mean like. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the um uh you know I mean okay doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell okay I mean um I mean you know that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil um um like uh you know who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head like uh okay okay okay of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from well you know um uh well the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the okay well well you know so enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot uh so um I mean um touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in like well you know well well right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the okay uh uh well well peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than you know uh so um okay he that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I well I mean so um well have put up the old and put on the new I have been given and uh well um you know you know it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply like okay I mean so you know all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all well uh I mean you know well the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will um like okay I mean like not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long like um so like so discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To okay okay well um I mean be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all um like um so well this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm so I mean you know well uh good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make so like you know well okay every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael so um um well I mean. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im you know like so so like here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's so like I mean uh um Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial the like well you know like I mean rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and you know uh you know uh um true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 Espionage um like um um okay trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So okay so okay so so heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the okay uh I mean okay okay century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast so you know like um I mean is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things I mean so well well well. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors like well I mean well like of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your so uh well um like questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on so okay like I mean um iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a um okay so uh like review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So okay I mean so uh well please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always so like uh um well visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks so so well uh so by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition like like uh well so to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin I mean you know uh well you know from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you so you know so well I mean think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube you know um you know uh you know launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their um I mean okay so so competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam well okay well okay okay. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good um so so uh uh digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels I mean like okay you know I mean like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is I mean so uh um so within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more um so okay well so events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack I mean like you know like I mean everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so like okay um like so that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes uh uh okay um uh and devices. This episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a okay well um so well podcast. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And you know I mean well um uh anchor is exactly that they give you everything you need in one place so I mean um so okay for free and you can use it from your computer or your phone. There uh well okay I mean uh are a couple things we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that so so you know I mean well allow you to record and edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that so I mean I mean I mean I mean you'll be heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on uh well so so uh your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and I mean uh um uh you know make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against um uh so well well children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The I mean well you know well uh Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about uh I mean you know so you know leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to like I mean like you know okay give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle like well okay like um waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many I mean like like so you know pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in okay well so like okay before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy you know like I mean I mean um on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank so I mean like I mean okay you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better like uh I mean so okay. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to well um so uh uh train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you uh you know okay like um I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see okay I mean you know you know well you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs like um uh um okay. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not okay I mean so like well as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, like okay I mean well so but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers okay like I mean so uh crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't so I mean uh you know you know be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our like uh you know um okay I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a like uh so like so special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's um well uh uh you know your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm you know so um well okay just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at I mean I mean okay well um work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and like okay like um like Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star uh like um you know so. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and um um I mean you know uh True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes okay well uh um well. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're so you know well uh you know covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of okay well I mean okay uh initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time well okay uh well uh what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you um so okay well well don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate you know I mean um so I mean the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe uh I mean I mean so okay winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this I mean um I mean okay well in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for you know so um uh so me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown uh I mean you know so I mean and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character uh okay I mean you know well. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of well so um okay you know South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us like well okay um okay some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess okay well like well uh but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight um uh uh well like. I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing okay so okay I mean um I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height you know you know you know I mean uh night plus in Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the I mean um uh so um Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your you know like you know uh you know Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about you know you know okay you know um anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a okay um um I mean okay podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record I mean so so um uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will well uh uh you know well distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and I mean okay well well you know many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need okay uh uh well I mean to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go to you know I mean um okay I mean Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the game um you know well like so chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court uh I mean well so uh of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City uh okay okay so um bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering uh I mean you know like uh the Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City um um okay um okay bomber. Let's go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to I mean I mean I mean well uh the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme so like um uh well Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest like you know you know like okay ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge uh well so you know I mean above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun uh okay so uh well was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort uh well like okay so to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the um like like so you know Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service I mean you know like you know so had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed okay um uh uh you know. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but I mean so uh um um Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect um uh so I mean okay those of the company and its management for their more the views and uh okay uh uh um opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of okay well you know um um the DJ's the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and uh uh well like I mean programming and and strict on but no by at go by in a module like like well um like on my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to like well so so so say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that mold so uh like okay um from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified the podcast you know well well okay well World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do all uh you know you know uh I mean the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create I mean well um uh you know and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for like well well okay uh download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus like okay uh uh like after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets like I mean I mean you know okay up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be um uh um uh well with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the okay well so okay so father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and um so I mean um okay he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I needed okay you know uh uh um to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something absolutely um so um okay uh interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of Jesus you know well okay well I mean in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father well well okay okay well in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be um well well so I mean talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host you know so okay um um for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might okay so you know I mean you know have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon well so um uh you know programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction um I mean so like you know efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one well you know um like I mean technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for well okay I mean so okay 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence um well okay like you know American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going I mean I mean well you know okay on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? okay uh well like you know It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the you know okay well okay uh butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on uh so okay uh so Instagram live last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had well like well like uh a couple of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on um you know okay so you know their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate like well you know uh you know your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today um well you know like I mean. I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times like okay you know you know you know mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading um um well uh like an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? so I mean um I mean like I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking uh I mean well so I mean not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to I mean I mean you know like uh be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title well well well uh I mean In the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore okay so I mean like like. Ah, I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from you know uh well you know you know PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the well like okay well I mean sea. It's also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify okay okay well like uh. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you know you know so well like you guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone like okay um like you know Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times uh okay uh I mean you know that I look over this list to see what's coming up and I get I mean you know like uh you know excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster well so uh okay okay starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a you know well like um uh poo pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA I mean I mean well uh so old grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me um so so uh I mean if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week you know well well uh so. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra well like like I mean so podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you know I mean well um uh you Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave um well so okay um. Hey them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down so uh you know like um the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one of um I mean well okay I mean the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement like uh uh um uh of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for I mean uh you know um uh more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our uh well uh so I mean March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July okay I mean um um like 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the um you know uh uh okay energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the like you know uh um uh heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division you know okay so uh um two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division stuff um okay so you know um such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel so you know so so I mean and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of well like well so uh the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over uh okay okay well well the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this well you know like so um word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like I mean well uh uh well and is related to a handful of other common words in English, you know I mean so like you know including habitual habituate and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual um I mean I mean okay you know visitor to a place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of so so you know like okay art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation um so um okay I mean or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you well um okay uh so a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are um um uh like uh discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited okay like so okay so to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our uh so like I mean like names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon well like well I mean you know is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that like uh um well well old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main so well okay I mean you know employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a you know uh um so um lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 you know uh like well okay 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender you know so uh okay okay. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original you know like well well like peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the I mean um so um like transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from well like okay like uh Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's um so uh um you know topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this um I mean okay you know I mean information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition you know uh uh so I mean. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek uh well okay I mean well advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned you know you know okay uh uh because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of well you know um I mean um tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the I mean uh okay I mean so after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex uh okay so you know so Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have I mean you know well uh okay Linda ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has um well okay so uh a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're um well okay you know you know vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot I mean uh like so okay of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham okay well like well I mean with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're you know so you know um uh here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this well you know uh okay um conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open you know you know you know you know I mean conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment well I mean so you know okay and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak about so um so you know you know and so my question for you just to get right into it because I well you know you know okay uh want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question okay like I mean um okay for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here so you know I mean like you know and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor okay I mean um so like for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two uh like well uh you know. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your you know so um okay okay phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can um I mean well okay like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money uh I mean you know well uh from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a podcast all you know uh I mean uh so in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood okay so you know I mean you know and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a well well like uh I mean crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all um like so uh uh gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast okay I mean well um uh to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to I mean so okay well um talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get this out of I mean I mean well uh uh the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're you know I mean you know I mean I mean on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah you know I mean um like well. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one you know uh well like okay of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do like um well uh so you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and uh I mean um uh you know guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the like I mean well uh okay end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It so so uh like uh just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you know well um okay I mean you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be uh like like you know okay. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so you know well okay I mean I mean taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and so okay okay uh okay also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to okay well I mean um like be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World uh um like well well perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may um okay okay you know well do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea so um I mean I mean um of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are okay like you know well I mean able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It okay so well like so was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really well like I mean okay um hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to uh like so you know you know a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan coffee like uh so you know you know drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of Manchester star, um so you know okay you know which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within uh I mean uh uh okay a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every so okay you know I mean well living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if um you know I mean I mean I mean blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, um well like I mean so which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows you know I mean you know you know so through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood okay I mean so okay so glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases like so like um like the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of I mean um well I mean I mean insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that well so um you know okay is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until okay you know so I mean okay the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is well uh um so well actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total okay I mean um well okay Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been like so so you know I mean putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great uh um uh you know you know people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So uh so okay um okay I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the you know um you know I mean um first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the uh like you know uh like the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you uh you know you know um like want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast um you know well um you know and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th I mean so so like I mean of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in okay okay so so uh the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate uh so so I mean okay cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting okay uh so I mean like a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations uh uh I mean well you know and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly uh um um you know um passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald uh you know you know I mean I mean Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have okay um um so um the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points so uh like well okay. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime you know I mean um okay uh podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret so I mean well uh uh today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by uh so uh I mean okay. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back well well um I mean like in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or I mean um like like well comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but uh like uh okay well I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on I mean you know like okay uh my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie you know I mean so I mean so sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the well so like um so podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator well uh well uh uh of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor um well well you know you know then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson okay um um um you know Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk about I mean uh okay okay uh South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71 um well I mean so like. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and it wasn't the like so so um I mean easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early and then they like uh I mean okay well squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and then by the like so um okay okay second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, well um okay um um they only won by 12 and most of the time they were up by like I mean uh you know you know okay six or something like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without uh um well I mean uh getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of um okay um I mean uh different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter um I mean okay I mean so including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for I mean like um so um everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about um like like like okay sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened so you know so you know so to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists um well like I mean um on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and like like um well I mean this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular you know you know uh I mean so TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself so um so uh like Joakim at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC okay uh well well you know 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging uh like um like well Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot well uh okay I mean um Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By like so uh I mean well Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? I mean you know like you know you know All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this um okay um I mean like one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start you know okay um um okay with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give so you know uh well um a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie I mean uh you know like um and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call okay okay like uh I mean the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're uh like so you know you know going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of like you know um you know well course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week um so so okay um we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like uh so like well so exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old well I mean well uh uh Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to you know well you know um uh Swindle her family out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast I mean um like okay okay original today. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by so okay like um uh Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune um um uh okay so. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name you know okay I mean like um is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and um okay I mean okay you know we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode you know like okay you know well of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus so um you know you know I mean of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every so so um so well Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us I mean so like like okay so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the um uh like so um email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I mean I mean I mean like um I will start with my first two because these are the these are the ones um um um I mean like from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new okay I mean um well so podcast called three days later, which if you know us we are the like well like okay well days with three beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to okay um you know uh you know bring them home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, like okay you know I mean so and this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day well so uh so you know almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have like uh you know well like a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I um well okay so so send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine uh so you know well like Rodriguez. And this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in uh I mean you know so uh mind. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were like well so um I mean born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so uh uh you know okay um if you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a so I mean like so so wealth of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to so okay so like so put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, so you know you know so uh but I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled so you know uh I mean like bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr well like uh uh uh Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know I mean well I mean you know I mean Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in I mean uh you know like you know the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy I mean okay I mean well so sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around like I mean uh I mean like good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start so um so you know you know brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a like okay okay like I mean little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell I mean okay uh okay you know you the story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores like so well uh well Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for I mean I mean um uh uh the Laura sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous um okay I mean you know well. His father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family I mean okay well okay so didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up I mean like okay you know you know and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not like uh so so well covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything so you know um like I mean that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in you know I mean like okay well part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to unchastity okay I mean uh um you know or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they had well okay um well you know kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act. Therefore like um um um okay God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin and so so um like well forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and okay um so you know I mean where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb uh uh so so I mean to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony okay well like you know okay in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the uh I mean um um well prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most I mean you know like so okay famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has um like okay like you know sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about so you know so like um the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her like um I mean okay um husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but well okay so you know okay he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say like so um um um that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the reviews I mean so uh like well with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to do you know okay uh well I mean a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to thank everyone again you know so uh well so and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys that uh so okay uh you know didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions well you know um like uh made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing like okay you know uh you know. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a I mean um so um you know good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but well okay you know uh well I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone well um I mean I mean uh. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey well so uh um I mean everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt you know okay well uh um that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch I mean you know like um well. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of um um like um you know musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been responsible I mean okay so okay uh for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a bit so okay I mean uh uh silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once again. We're on like I mean like okay uh myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another episode season 3 um uh uh I mean like episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason okay so you know um I mean. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to uh so like like I mean give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have uh uh you know uh so people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like Hey, um like well I mean well we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually had you know okay um um I mean a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach out like I mean uh okay okay to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the first time I mean I mean okay um I mean. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where he would so I mean like uh so love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far if you want uh so okay you know um to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here you know okay um you know I mean to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's uh you know I mean you know you know the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that you know so uh like uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will so okay uh I mean okay distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast uh you know like uh so and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership um so uh well okay. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free you know uh I mean um I mean anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast so uh like I mean I mean. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the like uh well okay okay easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are like I mean you know well um actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software well I mean um like um to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the like well well okay so packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different well um I mean you know uh software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we um okay well okay well need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer uh so so you know well tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make uh I mean um uh um money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you okay um so you know like better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty okay so well uh well interesting topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater um I mean like okay well cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick okay like like like I mean. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another um well uh I mean I mean live stream / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I you know okay I mean like okay want to thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode well okay so okay you know 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just well you know uh uh like so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of well I mean like like um you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 okay uh um so like and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects okay so so okay I mean. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't so well you know I mean uh wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome okay you know so well you know to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate I mean so okay uh okay entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of I mean like um so I mean other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed like like okay like like to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I you know I mean you know um I mean want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and like so I mean so uh I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to uh uh okay you know so make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit I mean so you know I mean well your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you well uh you know well you know. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you know uh so um uh you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make so uh so you know well a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started well um I mean like well at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times you know uh I mean um you know the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM okay you know well um so Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 so um I mean like uh times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this well like like um uh is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money you know I mean so um so management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this well okay so well I mean episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of okay like um uh you know things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update uh like so like well episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about uh um well well so We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven okay like uh I mean you know billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this okay you know uh like well podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of okay so so okay okay American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager I mean uh I mean you know you know to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr okay I mean uh uh okay. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said like I mean um so um that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going like well well so uh to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of okay well okay I mean like us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe I mean I mean I mean so you know that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further well uh like okay um than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live like you know um you know uh this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this you know uh um you know um as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be well okay uh okay um disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life like you know you know you know like. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast uh okay uh so okay series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the um you know uh um I mean Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to so well like I mean um see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with okay I mean so okay um him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 like so okay I mean uh verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried I mean I mean well like okay and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against okay so um like uh Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that okay you know um um I mean our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor well I mean well um um it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's uh I mean so um um creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well um you know so I mean phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak so so so so I mean. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify you know okay um um so Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no okay uh so well well minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one you know um so well uh place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get so um um so um started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat okay well okay you know you know for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old like like like like um boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on well um like I mean you know the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little you know I mean so so so bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and welcome I mean I mean uh um I mean to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a well I mean you know you know so certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom to um uh so so okay three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard um you know like uh you know it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I so so um well so created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways to I mean like uh uh um navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of it. You um I mean I mean okay uh cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always I mean I mean uh I mean uh writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and um like okay um like how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why I mean you know so like well didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's well you know well like you know called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add uh I mean like well okay and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a um uh like so like column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught like so uh well well how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were you know so I mean um I mean supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So I mean I mean so uh so you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you like uh okay uh so can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in so you know so you know um school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions you know you know I mean you know you know. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners um you know well I mean well may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small I mean like you know so I mean wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and um well you know like so echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor so uh you know well okay with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she um okay uh well okay was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes well uh uh so well that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another um uh okay um um this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The uh okay well so uh world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I must uh okay well okay um mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend. I okay uh uh okay uh went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you are like I mean um like I mean doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a you know um um um um very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast okay um okay so you know bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 I mean so uh so okay 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number um okay like you know uh for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know so you know so I mean um it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm you know you know uh you know like going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting you know I mean like like so ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had um uh I mean so so a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know well I mean uh um I mean functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone well you know well so you know message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision uh well uh well like. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into so like I mean I mean uh RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2. First okay uh um well like of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time um so uh okay okay. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching out I mean like so you know you know into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, you know uh well well well I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist so I mean uh okay okay because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot okay so uh like um. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I um well well um so also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video series like I mean well you know I mean. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow. What okay uh so you know I mean a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it seems you know well well okay um like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the specific cars that uh well well I mean uh I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly. So let okay like you know so like me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually really interesting last I mean well I mean well so week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you just base okay I mean okay okay uh prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February you know you know okay well like 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host any um like okay I mean I mean pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm so pumped so um I mean you know so right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, how's you know uh um I mean uh it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, what's uh like so uh so up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast um okay well like okay with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until eternity so I mean you know you know okay now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm okay you know I mean okay you know playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's uh well you know so so at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just okay well so uh uh jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take um I mean um well I mean a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds um well uh you know so easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we um well so uh um use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your like so so I mean okay podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets uh so you know uh uh for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can uh okay uh well um make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to like well uh um well make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or you know like I mean so uh go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that okay uh you know so well works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely so okay so I mean like just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It well you know um uh um was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's I mean I mean so well so topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I okay um you know I mean so asking like what in the world does not even know like what is uh well so well like my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I I mean um you know like you know feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way well well um um well which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do uh okay I mean well well compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for uh uh so okay like the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm your host so I mean um uh uh Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is sponsored by anchor you know well so okay um anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If you haven't heard um uh like uh you know about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use I mean uh like I mean uh and they have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit you know you know um um okay your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your um like so like uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so I mean okay uh so many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one so you know so you know so place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this week's well well okay like like lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going I mean so uh so um through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be like um like um well laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You uh okay well like you know can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want I mean uh like okay so to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall okay so uh I mean you know if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your you know like I mean um so feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you you know so well well okay find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you I mean like so you know well to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV like uh um okay uh top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our um uh well okay I mean dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode so okay uh uh well 9 fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting okay like well I mean I mean so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host uh okay uh you know so Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We you know uh you know I mean okay have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning you know I mean um okay like in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to well well so well okay my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the uh uh I mean you know you know middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This was uh so uh okay well so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm. Amen okay well you know you know um. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you I mean like so like uh get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just you know I mean uh uh well want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary people I've um so uh um um ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything so uh um okay I mean. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one well I mean um okay well. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the um so okay well um best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this like you know so like like is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real here like um like I mean okay on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real quick well okay you know um well was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you know uh like uh I mean you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you so I mean okay like so always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew so um well um I mean had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited for I mean well like well okay today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what you know I mean okay uh I mean it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So today, okay I mean so I mean well we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we you know so you know so so think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind you know uh you know so you know writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really so like well well you know helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? I'm okay so you know um so good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been you know um uh um okay a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we uh you know like like uh recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did like well uh you know so. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded you know I mean okay um okay after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this okay I mean you know so so week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this so okay um okay so Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record so I mean well uh okay the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without like like uh you know okay the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually okay so um you know okay we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this guess I mean I mean so um um we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting service like um so I mean uh and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing well okay well you know well your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name okay well uh okay uh it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They have um so so well uh editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back well well like you know like when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how well um like like you know to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the like uh uh uh um hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with I mean well well I mean you know advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor uh okay I mean you know um dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster um okay um okay okay Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you you know well you know okay like could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear like um like okay okay the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short um um um okay uh favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and um you know um so okay I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truthcom uh so okay okay um. Books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and um uh okay okay um you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each I mean well I mean uh um book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that uh so like you know um. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious so you know well uh like truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left like uh well okay okay to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on uh okay well okay so the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm like well um like you know trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going I mean I mean um so I mean to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This like you know well um so is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas uh I mean like uh so. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode I mean um so so like of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is like um uh okay well producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the well you know okay I mean like last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually you know um you know um um been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because so okay um um um we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice so uh so okay like little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like okay okay um uh like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I well you know um you know okay love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens um like so so uh to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of well okay uh I mean I mean people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is so so you know you know like in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide okay you know uh you know well. This is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give okay so uh okay so you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests okay uh so okay um writing me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around uh um okay well I mean the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore you know uh like um like here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm I mean uh okay um um on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am uh so uh okay well an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm you know you know like um well from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my well okay you know well um friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock um like so okay so Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for so okay okay I mean so me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey um okay um well so. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could um um uh um like have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before like well um so uh we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me so well so uh okay of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that uh like well uh well America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your um like like so so personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual uh you know okay okay um who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and like um well um okay he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission like I mean well um okay of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage um you know like like like and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in so I mean okay I mean uh the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are like well um okay so serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we I mean like um I mean so mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a okay um uh well I mean statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in the future you okay like you know um uh touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised like um you know you know um. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday like well so um like that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got okay well okay you know uh stiffed it out a little bit the day up. But for the most part very you know so like well like few things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must I mean you know I mean you know um. Have felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting I mean I mean well so um in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day I mean uh like so like of the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of you know you know like okay well the Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after well uh like uh like he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom um like um well like of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick um I mean I mean well okay Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss okay well well okay uh in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used to last number um okay uh I mean okay of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn around We'll see um okay well so um when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of okay you know um like I mean wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of uh I mean like like you know philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through um I mean well like okay this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got consists so I mean well okay I mean in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working of natural so I mean you know well well causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary I mean okay so you know like to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do okay okay like I mean okay a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry well like like well so information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a you know okay so you know uh body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves um like okay so you know as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water well well you know like okay will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help so like um like so people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this you know um um so um week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch like you know you know like like the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to uh you know I mean you know I mean do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just okay well like I mean you know happened to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been you know you know you know well uh watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad I mean you know um so uh. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were like so like uh um up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the well uh so so uh two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere well well okay uh uh. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets like so um uh um a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a so uh so you know uh very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However I mean so you know uh okay today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down well I mean uh well I mean today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the I mean well well okay so session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first and like like I mean uh you know then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we um so so um well are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and okay I mean you know like so I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this little cafe like okay uh like well actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne you know you know well okay you know self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out like like um okay okay of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to so I mean like okay like hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please so uh um you know okay note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas um okay well you know so provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University like like I mean okay so the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken I mean like okay well you know by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about so you know um uh well the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to well well well I mean like make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because okay well um you know okay it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay well I mean uh you know your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will uh you know I mean um you know distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher so well I mean like you know or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money uh so like so okay from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make so well like okay okay a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check you know okay uh um so out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there like uh well I mean like. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever okay uh um so well just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where okay uh I mean okay you know you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you I mean so so like like do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter I mean uh well so well podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name so so you know uh well Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that okay like well well you know this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 okay you know well like well & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this so okay so um I mean moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen uh well okay so well. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can you know okay um so um drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric okay okay well um I mean. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first half like okay so you know you know of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and I mean so um uh okay Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So uh you know so I mean I mean we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part 2 you know like like well you know. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit more context I mean um uh you know like and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more so okay okay okay you know and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're like you know you know well I mean in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my goodness, I mean um so so you know dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know okay uh you know you know you know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, so I mean so so so it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush so well so um okay mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite okay I mean like uh well songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in um you know so so you know like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is well so okay so okay Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our well okay well I mean like listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to so well so you know well the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a like um well well uh pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does so you know uh you know so it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all you know well like so well the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could I mean uh uh you know okay turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds you know um so um okay like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of well well uh well like the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet well uh I mean uh um the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and well you know you know um okay join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win I mean okay uh you know like and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have okay um you know well you know you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be so I mean so you know like here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's I mean I mean okay so well pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes I mean okay uh well well but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the okay like you know um I mean host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake uh okay like okay you know level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night um okay you know okay um and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of okay okay well well okay covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, so um uh I mean okay it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts I mean well um um like and confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? well okay okay um you know So this week has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing you know like like so I mean with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of you know I mean um I mean I mean when people would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for um I mean um so okay me to be able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the okay okay you know um okay positivity that I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how like so like so so deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something you know so okay like uh that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will um uh like like you know be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus you know uh like okay uh and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory so well so like like verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last um like so uh uh and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone I mean I mean you know so you know who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come okay you know okay well I mean to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for okay uh you know okay uh Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he likes okay uh okay well I mean to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our like I mean um like uh guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to resonate with so many like okay okay like um of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the way through uh like I mean um well. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well at the end like I mean so uh like of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know so well so okay okay this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode people need like um well so so to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They need to well uh you know you know uh hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have taken place in her well okay I mean so so life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you okay so like well uh about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out okay uh okay um okay. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free so okay so you know you know. There are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast you know I mean um uh uh right from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your so I mean so well you know podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and you know so well um um many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so like uh like um okay don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- like uh um like uh to get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you know I mean okay you know uh you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and uh uh you know okay uh it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I um you know um well well guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, um like like like okay or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe I mean well um I mean you know. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music for so I mean um so uh the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show now you know well like uh um usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then I mean well uh you know um the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going okay uh okay okay so to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me okay um like okay so explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh I mean you know I mean well right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So well well okay so well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from well like I mean uh well your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast so uh I mean so like in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now uh okay I mean I mean you know this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back like I mean I mean um you know to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with I mean like uh uh well you all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely okay um um okay uh lady back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad well so like okay well to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the so uh uh well um podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and uh okay um I mean like getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear I mean like like um you know what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you you know okay um so like are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending well well you know okay like suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It like well uh uh well was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy like okay okay so so. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up so like uh well uh with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless so like uh okay like efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of well okay like well uh strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the um so like like you know problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put you know I mean okay you know so extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, um like like I mean uh it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I mean like uh so you know I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay well okay um like uh. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you so okay so okay okay because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you know like okay I mean you know you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth you know uh okay um okay is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said okay um I mean uh like I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like you know like okay um uh here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a well so I mean well I mean fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket well like uh okay you know bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had you know okay I mean you know like girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he okay okay you know well well do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, I mean so um uh okay it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had I mean uh I mean I mean like girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially you know well I mean so I mean when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in well okay um uh um three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have well like uh well I mean ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an well so you know uh um EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the well I mean so um um background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab uh well um like well a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted um um uh you know so to thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this like so I mean uh you know week continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to you know like uh I mean you know help them it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one um you know okay uh um of my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that well okay um um um were writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle so uh like okay like. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out uh okay well so so last week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right you know okay so I mean like in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 like um well you know okay. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two I mean you know uh I mean so very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we're I mean I mean I mean I mean uh all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is I mean so well uh like what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds so well well well well. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And um uh um okay so if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you like um I mean I mean okay could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter okay uh well um like My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster well um well well well. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I okay uh you know um like made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think okay um you know so you know I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were you know so so so so looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like okay okay like so well also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're like uh uh you know you know looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
