6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing well okay so um okay so show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too I mean so I mean I mean uh uh hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different so like so okay well um heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of okay like I mean uh okay okay the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in well uh well like I mean you know Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called um like so I mean um you know the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good you know I mean well uh I mean well form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf I mean I mean well well okay you know shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone uh well well like um um. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True I mean I mean like I mean well okay Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you know I mean you know well um I mean you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true uh you know well okay um uh also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I um I mean um you know well well correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, okay like so uh well well so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last so like uh like well you know year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division so I mean well like I mean um are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense well I mean okay um uh so for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to you know so so like okay um Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand well um I mean like well okay nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast okay well okay like um um been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view okay um so so well well you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not like like uh I mean you know uh been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a I mean okay well so like um few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down uh you know uh um so well the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back like okay um well I mean so to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two so okay you know I mean uh well games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or um I mean um so uh okay opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed I mean I mean like uh uh like fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for like okay I mean so so okay more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March I mean like um okay okay like Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th okay okay so so um so 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my well so you know uh uh you know snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline you know um so so like well Calloway, and for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting uh so so well okay well a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but well uh so well like um we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with okay so like so I mean uh pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode well okay um so you know okay is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a like like well well you know okay call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing like you know okay so you know well answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are um you know okay uh okay okay swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold I mean you know you know um I mean um. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up you know I mean well um I mean okay. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as like well I mean I mean well well you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us for the last so okay so you know okay I mean two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like you know I mean I mean um well okay be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured okay well so okay okay you know walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration so um I mean like like um work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for so I mean so you know uh well long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise you know okay like like you know okay like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's like I'm so uh I mean you know so you know a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw uh well uh so I mean uh you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many good. Good commercial like uh I mean so well uh grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw so you know so so I mean you know e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can uh um so like I mean uh download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're okay okay um uh uh so really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet uh um like like like like dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together like uh you know so well well. Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want well well um like like I mean to see cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own so you know well um so uh safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is um uh like I mean uh so someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium you know like like you know well you know at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm so okay um so well like trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a you know okay I mean okay um I mean wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's okay so I mean you know um I mean because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in you know well um okay uh um a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start you know like well you know you know well this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just started um um well uh okay like. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's a like you know um you know well well that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this okay um well um you know uh episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find um you know okay like I mean okay offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It well I mean um uh I mean okay was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming okay like like um um okay rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water well I mean like uh well like. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in um so um like uh you know the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as uh you know you know you know um um his gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the so so like um you know uh surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this like uh like so I mean um episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge I mean um well I mean like well part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're so okay so um you know well actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome well uh okay I mean well you know has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going I mean uh uh like okay you know to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages well so um um well like. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor um okay uh well you know like is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you I mean so uh like like well know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and uh like okay so well okay edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest well like well well like well friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and so okay I mean you know uh so that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where like you know so well okay okay we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of um like uh uh okay so going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the you know uh like I mean um okay ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah. It's um okay you know um so you know kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and well well so uh like like learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that um well uh okay uh like incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just like you know uh um okay uh you know you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told I so well you know you know I mean I mean have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the so I mean so well um so Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough together so um like like like like to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the uh you know like I mean you know well other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry, so well you know uh um I mean if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up um uh uh like uh um. Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be you know I mean um so uh you know active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on like uh like like I mean like that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who okay well like okay you know okay showed a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before okay so I mean you know so well the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with so well you know you know um um self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series well so um I mean so I mean were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll I mean you know well so you know well be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me I mean so um so you know like on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as well you know so well uh so okay unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week well I mean well so I mean I mean Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe that you you know uh like uh I mean so shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone who so okay okay so um okay has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more like well I mean well uh like than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast I mean okay um I mean okay okay. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know well okay okay like I mean well podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving you know uh okay so uh well up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I I mean like okay um okay um think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are uh uh um like like well imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single uh I mean I mean um I mean okay person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like they're so you know um um okay uh getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really like um you know well you know well focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee you know okay um you know so I mean like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast. Well, you know you know um um you know um actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that allows like I mean well okay I mean so you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've well I mean I mean um okay um got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including like okay uh like well um music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone so so well okay uh so or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to well uh so you know so um get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do well you know well uh so like in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only so so you know I mean you know you know the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on uh okay you know you know well well your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject you know um uh you know so you know for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 well you know I mean so okay uh Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined you know well I mean okay so like by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the okay okay well so okay so handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off okay so like okay I mean I mean the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a okay well okay uh uh I mean hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is I mean um I mean well you know like about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple so uh uh um well okay do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things okay uh you know like I mean I mean you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian you know um I mean okay I mean you know. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is uh um uh uh um like free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You so okay so so like like can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you well um I mean well uh okay travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do well well so like um um it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it you know I mean so so like like. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got like so so I mean I mean you know a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers you know so so like uh uh your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth like okay uh uh so um on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk about I mean I mean well I mean uh I mean heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller uh okay well well okay so and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen like like well okay um uh Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind um so so I mean you know um and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and quiet like I mean um well like so Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she well like you know so like you know couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we uh you know um um okay well need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes like like so um um like that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we we I mean well um uh uh I mean can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's part of so like uh you know you know so it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same um so well like okay okay goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the the you know okay like okay uh okay it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March uh like I mean um like so 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video so you know so you know I mean uh games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around well like I mean uh so okay cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice uh well okay like uh so. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the like so okay like like well copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase so like like you know um uh Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out uh okay so well well well to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to um um you know like you know uh chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear like okay I mean well you know you know the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed so so uh so so well chamber the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born you know I mean so uh I mean okay as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge like I mean like well so um of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather I mean uh okay okay okay you know reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this well um well you know um so evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey okay so uh uh well uh to Terrors and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall I mean so so uh you know okay your cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those um well okay well well so words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you I mean um well well I mean um so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope well so um you know like um you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that so I mean okay I mean I mean well will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to okay you know you know um so so grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going um you know okay um uh well to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be well I mean like I mean like um doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to well so okay so uh so Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten like I mean okay okay you know like us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on okay I mean uh I mean okay okay the right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the so uh I mean so uh um moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to I mean you know like uh okay you know figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for your okay so well okay uh like ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the easiest okay okay you know I mean so well way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their well I mean you know okay uh so creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone well uh uh so well like or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that I mean I mean I mean like okay okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you okay uh well like so um can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and um well I mean okay okay you know it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app like okay I mean okay I mean you know. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- um I mean so well you know you know to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and um well uh okay you know like excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a uh like so so uh okay good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My my okay you know so um so like guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals and we okay I mean okay I mean like okay are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL Championship so you know you know I mean so you know his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more. It's I mean so um I mean I mean uh another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment uh um so you know so so is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a so okay so uh you know well whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening uh okay okay you know okay well to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I mean like uh um uh like I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games um well well you know um okay this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So um um um um I mean uh first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick so um you know I mean uh uh minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard um I mean like I mean um okay about anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me like uh so um I mean well explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well like okay okay I mean uh podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay you know like you know like uh. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps okay um uh um well uh. You can also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you um well okay like well I mean guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor uh okay you know so well like app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show. Hey there, so like um I mean okay like how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to you know uh okay I mean uh okay all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a I mean um like you know you know uh premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow like you know like uh okay I mean your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to like okay um um uh you know listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your I mean um uh so well okay friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the so um um okay like well Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your like uh um I mean um okay library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of okay so uh okay well uh Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the I mean okay you know uh uh I mean smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find you know um well you know okay so your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I you know um well like I mean uh get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take okay well like I mean I mean you know this opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions uh um you know I mean um okay. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we so like like um okay well can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through okay so so so well you know my journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's okay well um I mean well like time to become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike um um okay like um like Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're you know like like okay so so going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and like okay well okay like uh I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who well okay uh okay um I mean has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you um like okay um well uh follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that so like so so I mean um she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew um you know okay well like well she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be I mean okay okay like uh okay brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has okay okay um I mean uh like finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do I mean uh um I mean well well with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of I mean well so I mean so you know complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for like like you know okay um okay us and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot okay okay um like I mean I mean f m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation well you know like uh um um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so um um well so so phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it I mean you know I mean well well um can be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you well like you know uh like you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have I mean so like you know um I mean a hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks uh so uh like like uh from that and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you uh uh like like uh like pay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process you know you know um I mean uh uh. So it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the well uh um well I mean you know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one I mean I mean well like I mean like Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s like you know um uh like well baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking so well I mean um like like about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated you know well uh um okay you know Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have you know okay okay um uh you know Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the okay you know I mean you know uh well Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole so well so um uh well that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know like you know um so like um make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I uh okay like well uh well have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have well like I mean uh you know uh random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig it so um um okay like um. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it may not uh um okay you know like well even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we went so I mean uh so okay uh to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies um like I mean um um you know and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann okay you know okay like you know well and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you I mean you know uh so uh you know with well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where I mean um you know you know so well you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is okay okay so okay I mean so you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted uh well um okay well so to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to um I mean uh like well like look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen um like uh like um you know to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we okay okay well you know like okay are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh uh okay um uh so um my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences um okay you know like so I mean and in specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's I mean so so um well well okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this um like I mean you know okay you know morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as you know um you know um okay well polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through so okay I mean you know uh I mean Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the you know you know okay I mean you know so question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other uh I mean you know well um I mean podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, well well well uh okay you know that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How so okay so uh okay well long was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode uh I mean uh like like so. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I so so well like you know uh just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover I mean like I mean okay I mean okay this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- okay well you know like like well L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here I mean well okay so I mean okay for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a well well okay okay I mean okay sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How I mean um um um um like is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready I mean so um you know um you know to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're so you know okay so well well about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up um you know okay like okay well in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set well so well you know uh uh my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like um uh well um so well a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, so okay uh okay I mean uh we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat you know I mean well I mean um uh Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are well like like so like okay good for real back in the swing of things were back here every I mean I mean okay so well I mean single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you okay I mean well okay so so guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your well I mean like um I mean well favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium I mean um okay well like like account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one like okay I mean like well okay you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never um uh I mean uh like like miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if so okay like I mean I mean well you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter you know well okay like okay uh where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download you know um like uh uh well the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library I mean okay well you know you know like Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's well I mean uh like so um see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode I mean okay well um you know well 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer well I mean I mean I mean uh I mean podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode uh okay okay uh well so we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially well uh you know well you know uh the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle like you know well uh you know like as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael okay um well I mean I mean you know. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into so well uh okay um okay the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of a I mean I mean well well uh you know new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations I mean so so you know so you know around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up okay I mean um so I mean uh properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move like okay like you know okay so on I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's like well like I mean you know you know all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you so um like um um well got. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for so uh uh like okay I mean the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were I mean you know I mean you know um so 19 episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music okay okay okay okay um uh. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old you know so you know I mean I mean um patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He well you know well uh I mean um would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome you know so um uh I mean I mean to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of uh I mean uh like well I mean today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today okay well well well you know I mean. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later uh like I mean well uh okay nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's so so so well I mean um I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some uh um I mean uh like you know live training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the um you know okay um like well power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four uh well uh so well so places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this okay uh so so like you know little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I mean uh you know okay um you know I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been okay you know um I mean you know like running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review so I mean um you know you know um on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a you know you know well I mean so I mean draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been um I mean I mean so like uh scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for uh you know I mean well you know so divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I so okay um I mean okay like am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light you know okay uh okay like well and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics so well I mean um you know um share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a you know I mean so um so uh human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and well I mean you know um like well healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I I mean I mean well you know so so am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but I like like okay um um um went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement okay uh like like um well on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to like like you know like like you know skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot so you know so you know you know um. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering you know I mean so you know so okay Drive. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it you know you know you know you know you know well off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear like I mean well um okay um cruelly assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile uh uh okay you know um so is working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words um uh well like so I mean because I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining okay okay okay well like you know corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the like so well you know well well notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick okay okay um I mean um uh me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we so okay you know I mean um um just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you you know I mean so so I mean I mean create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to you know uh well you know I mean well get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be well okay well so uh you know a good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this uh um well so uh I mean is all you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I mean I mean um I mean okay well I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best okay like okay I mean you know like tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in well well um so um uh the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll like um like uh I mean well be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my okay like so uh I mean uh Korean Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here okay like I mean uh so I mean and listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about I mean I mean uh you know like I mean doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I so like you know you know you know okay just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under so so you know okay um you know the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by so like well I mean um okay anchor if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use so you know um well I mean like to make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast uh um so well um okay. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is so I mean okay okay like um 100% free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of you know well uh okay um like creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean like well uh I mean you know or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be like I mean uh so well well heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you I mean um I mean um uh you know can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You so well like I mean uh like can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you I mean I mean well so like you know need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or okay well uh um I mean okay go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit so uh so like so well out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring okay okay you know well okay so. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of like so um uh like uh doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that so you know I mean uh you know like. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a like so um so so um stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my okay so um uh I mean I mean uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your you know so so I mean well so secret? Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace well you know okay like okay so Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it so you know like um uh like kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of like uh well uh so well solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to uh so I mean well you know well hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series like um you know okay okay well famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify like like uh um okay like follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it um um uh well okay you know that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain you know I mean okay um so um any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus you know so so uh uh like the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son uh um okay you know uh I mean phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three so um well like like so decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from like uh like okay um you know everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have okay so like I mean so so finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't I mean okay well like like uh think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin um uh I mean I mean you know okay Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of I mean uh so uh well I mean Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He okay like I mean you know like so was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad well so you know okay well um Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to I mean uh well so so like make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of well so so you know okay well I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today you know okay okay okay I mean well we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our I mean so you know you know okay uh conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st so so like like you know uh. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess so okay you know um well okay experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was you know well like okay I mean you know it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about so you know okay so like like anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's I mean well I mean um like so actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a okay um I mean um so well creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your so uh uh um I mean um phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's um okay um so I mean um not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast I mean I mean I mean so uh okay for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast so like um um so okay Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum okay I mean well uh okay well listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So so I mean um like so uh go ahead and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- well okay well okay okay you know to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool I mean like well well well I mean back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for well uh you know like like uh music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts another like you know okay like I mean so one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not. It's not you know like uh like uh like the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode of what well so you know so so like the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain about okay I mean uh well like like me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, I mean well um um well like let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, so so so um uh so right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did the so like um I mean I mean um intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't well like you know um I mean like wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This I mean you know okay you know um so was like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just okay you know um uh uh so like one of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies I mean um like you know like okay in one that we're going to get into but I know that it was a I mean well like I mean well uh good movie because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a well um like like like um minute. There's a lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into uh so I mean um well so it or my okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey uh uh I mean you know so okay everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry so I mean I mean so I mean like sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about so well so well so um Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast well I mean you know uh so I mean and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is well like uh okay okay you know great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit I mean I mean I mean so like so these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never I mean like you know I mean um uh miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on well okay like you know I mean so Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and so um you know you know okay okay whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many uh uh well like well I mean. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if okay well like well uh like you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast you know so um so okay okay on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to okay like okay you know like you know follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice uh um um uh like well. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 you know well like so like okay of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding uh um um uh you know okay out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of uh I mean well I mean you know so thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds you know uh like you know like uh who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and uh well um uh um uh side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the like I mean you know okay like okay easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves like so um okay okay um free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love um you know um so so okay free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit well like like um so well your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast um so well you know I mean uh for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that you know like so um I mean I mean way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast with okay well um you know uh I mean no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So I mean like um you know um so download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um uh so uh you know so get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the I mean you know um so well well podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a like uh you know uh well so student sharing her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show okay uh so so um so and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes I mean so well so um like. Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in well like okay you know um okay the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 you know I mean okay uh well um Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you uh I mean okay okay well uh grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of I mean you know like you know so you know life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And um I mean uh you know you know um I calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds uh you know okay okay uh you know of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath so you know like um like okay the Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You okay like uh you know well well make me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really I mean um so okay like okay appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible so um uh like okay well in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is um I mean okay I mean um I mean something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to I mean I mean uh well like um talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's you know um you know well like well quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 uh well well I mean uh um 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his you know like uh so well so brother John and led them up a high mountain where they could uh uh you know you know you know I mean be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today you know uh um I mean so you know as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just uh so you know okay like so do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew like okay well like so you know you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this um okay uh you know I mean okay episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation like like okay well um like where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they so you know like okay okay uh are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We so I mean okay uh okay so discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World um well well I mean okay uh be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We so uh well like um well were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings I mean so like I mean like I mean about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 like uh like I mean well uh 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and uh like okay like um uh reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet so you know like uh you know uh along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the like uh I mean like like well conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in like so okay you know well like flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the well um okay well I mean uh bills and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you uh um like okay you know so for listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the I mean like um I mean uh well easiest way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine like well I mean I mean uh um and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on um well you know so okay um how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the okay you know so um um like best way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record um you know you know uh well so and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave uh okay you know so okay so messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by so uh I mean well I mean so the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the um like so I mean you know okay podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch uh you know I mean um uh you know more this so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even you know uh okay uh okay um heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're well um okay okay well okay listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right like uh well um um um. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All like okay okay like like you know right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm I mean you know you know you know um I mean Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay so I mean okay you know well um again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I uh um uh like so I mean play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's you know like you know uh like okay let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so uh you know you know you know um I mean this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure right? so well um uh you know well I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and a you know you know like you know uh like half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus I mean okay you know um like uh goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year like you know uh um so well ago. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of uh you know I mean so okay like Apartheid. And so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember like um I mean well um well hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me as so you know well I mean you know you know always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire weekend okay I mean um well so uh Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around your neck, uh I mean okay I mean I mean like but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's much like I mean okay like well uh appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and um uh um you know uh um I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, well you know um okay um um but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game I mean well okay you know I mean okay and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And um you know well you know okay I mean then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then like well uh well okay well drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball I mean so um well so uh game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily you know like well well okay so stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the okay I mean you know like like so views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season you know well so I mean like um 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is like like um like so you know actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the um so um well well well all see which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of um like so okay uh I mean toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years you know uh I mean um I mean well of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's I mean so like so okay so health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold so okay so so well so down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at uh like so um well I mean Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward well I mean uh well um okay to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest uh I mean okay so you know like today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to well you know so you know uh uh my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge so okay well you know you know I mean today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone uh you know uh um uh you know in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California uh you know uh like I mean you know coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before okay like uh so like uh. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about um so okay well um well starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's okay I mean well okay I mean well the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's um um you know um well okay free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that I mean well like you know so uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer um well like I mean so okay. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be okay so so so um um heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on you know so okay so like okay eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast I mean you know you know so like I mean and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to so I mean so well um you know make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor app well so uh like so um or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first I mean I mean um so uh you know in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you you know well you know well you know okay that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we okay I mean you know well uh well did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get okay well like uh well um into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as okay like like you know um um always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are I mean so um you know you know okay you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make okay like uh um okay I mean sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by I mean um so well so you know another and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert like well I mean okay um you know Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a um you know well uh uh so best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say so um uh well okay I mean it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads well you know like you know okay like of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very I mean I mean I mean you know I mean okay traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in I mean like okay like uh you know front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again so okay like so well okay. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small okay you know you know I mean um um lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here you know like okay okay I mean so. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing uh well okay so you know uh me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The you know like I mean okay like okay first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see like well so I mean I mean uh movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam. I um okay well well like you know am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last um like okay like I mean like episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, well okay um so uh I mean I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying um I mean well okay uh um to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of you know I mean so so uh uh film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put you know so you know you know uh um it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in um uh so uh like so the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a um okay you know so I mean I mean big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the you know well well I mean uh well ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with you know so I mean uh so like the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically well well so um I mean um what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I I mean well you know uh you know uh use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have okay like okay well well okay to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, okay well well like well I mean right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to okay you know I mean okay like okay do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh like uh okay so so um and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, uh like uh okay I mean I mean otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you um well like you know okay like. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at okay okay okay I mean like um the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date I mean okay okay I mean well so myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And uh like uh um well um it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you I mean um okay you know well I mean gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out well I mean well uh uh um. There's a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and okay I mean um um you know well Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are I mean okay I mean well you know okay without electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show so so so uh okay you know. I know you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good okay well uh you know like like signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation so well you know so I mean well for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and like I mean uh okay uh I mean even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them are uh um like okay so uh immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these facts so uh like like well you know about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common like so uh I mean I mean uh ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one like well uh um okay so myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from I mean okay well I mean okay uh job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of well uh like okay well well Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did 25 okay like like um I mean well years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign I mean like I mean like okay okay me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet well you know okay well okay like on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created an um I mean so like so uh Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the okay you know okay okay well well community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the um um so like I mean uh way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance well I mean you know um uh I mean and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi well well I mean I mean like so everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all like uh well okay uh you know about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are um uh I mean so like uh going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the so you know uh like like um indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for another um um like okay um so English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to quickly introduce so um you know you know okay you know myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I have a well okay I mean so um okay master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it uh I mean so okay well I mean those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite so uh okay you know um well podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed um like like well so like Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the so so well well so okay kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career like okay I mean you know I mean well path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies so I mean you know like I mean uh are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did okay I mean so okay like um not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, you know I mean I mean uh um well March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels so you know uh well so you know like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on you know well so I mean so well spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses you know um uh so you know so. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in okay uh so I mean I mean like your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them um okay uh like well uh or tell them to contact me so I can send them the um so well um I mean well link. This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's I mean well well uh you know like going to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you you know like uh you know okay um to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You I mean well um you know I mean um need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to I mean okay um okay I mean like check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have okay so well well okay so a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas you know um I mean so uh like and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series I mean like you know uh like I mean 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got um like uh well um well some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and okay so okay so okay okay I hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would well um uh so you know I mean be great for the podcast and you'd like to come on please to uh like you know okay you know okay give me a message because I'd love to chat to you before we start well like uh um I mean uh. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and okay okay so like you know so just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind well um okay so uh so closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring well okay so I mean so um in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality you know like you know okay you know you know disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your I mean um like okay okay you know host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the well okay okay uh um um Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health okay um um so like okay and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need okay um well um uh like them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's you know well well okay uh um episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at well okay you know uh I mean um swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at okay I mean you know I mean so um Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about um okay uh I mean uh you know what is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need um um well like uh okay to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I uh you know I mean you know okay um wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new uh okay um uh like uh way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going well well um so I mean uh forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan you know like like so I mean I mean was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, okay uh you know you know okay you know we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY okay well I mean I mean okay okay 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional like so well um you know uh changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is okay uh I mean uh like well a positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess you know um okay you know I mean uh our word the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on well okay okay like um I mean the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected those um so okay like like okay we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional Research into Blackfoot okay um you know well uh like traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across sources are myths may I mean like well you know so I mean not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope you'll enjoy them so well okay well I mean so. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to lose the trail so okay I mean well okay um of his people. He'd been following them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for like well okay well so um the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock I mean um well okay okay well and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed to um well okay uh you know uh be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global uh so so so uh you know celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble you know um I mean okay you know um is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the okay you know um you know I mean I mean Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you so uh uh like um you know back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be okay like you know I mean you know I mean talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip so uh uh okay like okay to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently so well I mean I mean I mean um unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting um you know well you know um okay my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge so uh so you know so I mean crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 uh uh I mean okay like um years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good I mean uh well uh you know um better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast you know so well like uh well landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears okay you know I mean you know so so biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured you know well okay so well I mean we just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as so so um uh I mean I mean far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the you know uh so um I mean uh luck ran out of the money song that that one money song that we've been using um so okay okay okay um boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was I mean uh so uh okay uh just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk you know well I mean you know so well now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have um okay okay like I mean uh Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready um so uh okay like well and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual so like I mean I mean well uh. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a okay well you know um um like because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you know um so like like uh you're hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show I mean okay you know so like you know. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series I mean okay um like you know well we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you um you know okay um well uh guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video uh so okay you know like well and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on okay well so um like uh the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports um uh um um uh like card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards so I mean so like okay uh of is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what you know okay so like um I mean his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and well well well like well I mean everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work okay you know I mean I mean um well on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an well um uh well okay so hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers like I mean you know okay uh um producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On I mean like um well okay like the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color like so uh uh I mean um but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a uh um like um okay uh glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color okay so uh uh uh you know from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop like so um uh you know you know for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming uh I mean like okay uh you know out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr you know uh okay so uh um. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that uh like I mean so um um was very impressive that he got all those words out because that uh okay uh well so okay was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying um well okay I mean um I mean to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that like you know okay so uh um he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So if um so so you know um you know there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds like you know um like uh um because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to okay okay okay well okay so make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get so um um I mean well like anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record uh okay like okay well so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also so I mean like like okay you know distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple so like I mean uh okay well podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no so like um okay um so minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free I mean you know uh well well um anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again so okay well so well so that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys uh so okay so well um and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, you know you know you know you know well you know but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? so well I mean like um so And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is like you know um like so okay the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a so you know I mean so so like whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week you know so okay um you know so next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your you know like so I mean I mean um money up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all like okay so I mean okay well my March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its well I mean um uh I mean I mean month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener well so okay so like well discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister okay you know um uh well so Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had I mean I mean like well you know I mean been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly um uh um so um okay the car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged uh well so like um like across the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want I mean um uh I mean um I mean from me? But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of uh okay okay okay uh uh three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood you know like I mean so I mean I mean spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the uh well you know I mean well uh body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, like um I mean so I mean well alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking um uh okay okay um like like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, well um uh I mean uh I mean you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked well so you know well uh I mean about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, you know I mean I mean you know you know well we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations so I mean okay you know well you know on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right I mean so well um uh I mean. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of like like um like so like been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take okay uh well uh okay okay time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42 so you know well like um I mean. Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have I mean well okay um like okay noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already you know well I mean like I mean you know had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had um like you know like well like Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of you know I mean you know you know like uh continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us okay well so okay uh well and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this so um uh uh um um to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of so um like okay okay okay fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your okay well okay uh you know um mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a okay you know okay okay okay um long time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift well well um like okay um of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation from you know so you know uh I mean uh the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children I mean um like uh I mean um defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow like um so okay okay like fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually I mean you know I mean um um like closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment uh well so um okay um in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to six percent I mean um like uh like uh of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 1 these I mean uh okay um well like injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are very rare in uh like so well um you know younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is okay so you know I mean um so typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today we're okay uh um like okay uh going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce myself to uh okay you know I mean you know I mean those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine um I mean so so okay um physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients a day I mean I mean you know okay well well and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a census so I mean um um okay okay. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally I mean well uh like well I mean my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest who so uh well you know like so is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor okay okay I mean so you know uh it is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking well okay uh uh so like of which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that well so you know like you know you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor okay I mean uh you know you know I mean will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and uh well I mean like well um many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's you know um okay you know you know um everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free okay okay you know I mean well okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee okay um I mean like you know okay. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a um so like I mean well so name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and well um like uh so I mean additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is uh so so I mean so well something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform I mean um um um like uh for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are like like so um okay you know tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or your so well you know well okay like computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone well uh uh like um uh and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast I mean like um okay okay uh for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point uh okay so like I mean I mean. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of well I mean well like well you know challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes uh um I mean like well uh in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me you know you know I mean okay you know like as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met like so you know you know so like the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I you know I mean okay you know uh so began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host so so I mean so well uh how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely so okay okay so so well Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She uh you know like uh well um is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I I mean so I mean uh you know like wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions you know so well so well so about ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly uh um um um well well. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think um uh so you know um I mean that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce um you know uh so um okay yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen so I mean I mean you know um I mean child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my um I mean you know I mean um like husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days I mean um so I mean you know like and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is okay like um uh so okay called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals uh okay um um you know um to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? There? um so uh like okay um It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear him like well like so okay um. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a um well so okay you know I mean very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my well uh uh like so so boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's um like you know like I mean I mean good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do you know uh okay okay um I mean you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola I mean so so um well um. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I mean like well well uh well I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training okay uh okay I mean well okay herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I you know I mean like I mean well you know brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself uh like so um so I mean. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making okay I mean you know well like you know medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you I mean so so like I mean okay doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you like I mean I mean okay well uh want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We you know so um I mean so um still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come like like I mean well uh you know back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we um well well uh well um were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a I mean um you know so I mean okay toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep so okay um uh so so. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board like like like well well so is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I I mean you know uh okay uh I mean was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times um like um I mean okay uh by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I like um okay like you know you know was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud uh um uh um uh okay. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back like like you know okay you know so to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the you know well uh you know uh I mean big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in uh you know so um I mean you know a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people um um so so you know uh looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service um like well so I mean you know to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you um okay okay okay um uh get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme I mean um well you know like like Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed I mean like okay um so okay Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above I mean you know so you know okay so the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, I mean well um uh like okay and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started okay so you know well like I mean the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm so okay you know so uh I mean sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio I mean you know I mean I mean uh okay practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing I mean uh I mean you know like you know this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer so well okay okay uh you know where you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish so you know so I mean I mean so. So if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn so well so I mean so well art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the well like uh okay okay okay coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will um um you know you know uh so save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom you know so uh um like like offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you okay so um like like I mean so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining so like like um like okay me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse well so okay so I mean so me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is. It's um um well like okay like a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked to folks I mean well you know well I mean so from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we just kind of so so you know well I mean um cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is well um I mean I mean I mean well the place you're going to want to head on over to you can find us uh um okay uh you know you know at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool I mean like I mean like okay like. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel uh uh so like okay um man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it was so okay um so well um sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the cup of the well so um okay I mean like Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the I mean I mean uh so um you know CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above so uh well like like uh and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to um okay so um so um you, right cause like that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, you know um like um uh so I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so well well you know so well me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to so so well you know um like record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your I mean okay so I mean okay uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh you know well um okay I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you okay I mean you know um I mean well need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you like um you know like so um a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream you know so so like uh like life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to okay so like I mean um uh live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most well okay well so I mean you know people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it uh okay I mean you know I mean you know seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind uh um um well you know um of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go Hi, so uh you know I mean well like this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon you know okay I mean okay you know okay a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received okay I mean okay so I mean well an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket okay okay so uh I mean um but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport you know like well um you know I mean. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred well you know like okay um I mean seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the um you know well um like you know art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry um like uh um um um who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of so um okay you know I mean well a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on um I mean so so uh uh this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show I mean okay um uh um uh. I'm here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never like so I mean okay like well called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? okay like uh uh like you know You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And well okay you know you know so uh yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my you know uh like like so you know business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to you know I mean I mean uh um so our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've you know well uh okay um like sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, well um well so uh like and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for um um you know like like uh international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's uh like I mean I mean so uh episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson um like so uh I mean okay group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority so I mean like um I mean okay of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working uh like I mean I mean okay I mean with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie you know you know well um okay so. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV okay you know you know I mean so I mean talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new I mean like um uh well uh gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super well you know okay okay um well show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just like okay I mean okay you know uh they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and uh you know I mean okay I mean I mean tree and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and you know uh well so well so Daddy love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's I mean well you know like well you know start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up you know so you know you know you know um. First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world I mean I mean I mean I mean like well. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other okay well you know okay well so day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start so um like well well well of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a I mean okay so I mean so like big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier I mean so uh um okay you know enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their uh okay you know um uh well website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere so uh so well well well from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the you know like okay you know uh uh glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our I mean like like okay I mean I mean weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you I mean uh um I mean like I mean Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this well like you know okay well okay podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered well okay well you know uh you know surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this uh so okay um okay like might mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many okay um like okay so um times. So we now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you um so well okay like like firstly. What is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide well so like um so well. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making you know like so I mean so so a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of like you know you know okay uh like the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us okay you know okay you know so okay. In fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is uh uh I mean I mean well uh essentially energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells um I mean you know well um you know and tighten cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? I mean uh like okay uh well They are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in okay you know you know um I mean well energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The uh um well well you know well run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training to well okay well so you know um reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions that you've uh I mean uh uh I mean um been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop you know you know well like you know like on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you I mean so I mean well I mean um ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, okay like well well you know um This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal um so so uh well um the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running like well like um I mean well is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, uh uh I mean okay uh um like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some uh so so okay uh well have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they so well okay well like I mean all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in I mean I mean well uh um so sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they I mean you know okay you know well um know that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening like uh uh so I mean like to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to okay so well um so so sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, I mean well you know uh um you know we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder like well you know like well uh and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including um um uh like like okay accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort like like I mean I mean okay well company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky um like I mean I mean so I mean enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome like so I mean so you know well. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author but so uh well uh uh you know most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer you know uh like uh like uh of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like the hottest uh well okay like well well Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some astrology so you know like uh uh like It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have so she like well okay uh like um is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on she read my I mean um okay like okay okay chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night you know I mean um like uh okay toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush so so well like okay you know the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and you know you know uh uh I mean well tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women um okay okay well okay okay all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, like you know well um um I mean she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 okay okay uh you know like okay in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and so you know um you know you know um her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today I mean well uh you know I mean I mean. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you so I mean you know like uh you know achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's like I mean I mean uh um well do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many um so well you know you know well years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did like okay well well well okay it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it you know like uh uh you know um was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and so like like uh uh like yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I I mean I mean so I mean uh so hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced well you know you know so I mean I mean Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash you know I mean so uh you know well the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you you know well so uh well you know. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and uh uh um I mean uh okay it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways I mean well I mean you know you know okay now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great like like um um so um. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that, well um well well so um right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip uh so so so uh uh to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still so well well um uh I mean on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and you know so like okay well I mean we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't well like well okay well so heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and so like you know I mean so um there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um uh okay um um I mean right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you okay I mean you know um you know uh make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can you know well well well you know so make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank well you know um okay uh so you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells you know so so so okay um and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority you know well you know um well uh in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that I mean uh well I mean well okay there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host you know like you know uh uh well Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which like uh like um you know you know I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for those who don't okay well well uh um okay know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about our community um I mean like I mean you know like. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get any further I mean um like okay uh like for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect I mean um uh like you know well those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the okay like well like okay uh guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have well okay so okay you know I mean Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and um um so uh so you know he gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips well uh I mean so like like and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they okay so so um well well can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their I mean I mean um well well well career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and uh so so like you know you know ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is you know I mean you know uh you know I mean a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys so you know like um well um are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check you know so okay uh like well us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric you know uh um you know um so McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company you know uh well um okay well. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I um like uh um I mean so know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network uh okay uh okay uh well. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for like um I mean I mean you know okay you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going I mean so okay like you know well to talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with I mean you know okay well um I mean me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi like like you know I mean uh so to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we um so uh uh I mean I mean could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and like you know um I mean I mean um me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be like so okay you know um so you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five like like I mean uh well okay minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for a so well uh I mean you know okay while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media um I mean well so um okay Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually well like so like like uh created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not skipping uh uh so well so okay the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in so so you know you know uh well this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there okay I mean okay you know uh um is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last I mean well I mean you know I mean like night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just I mean um well okay well uh a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher okay I mean well well um well spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, you know I mean uh like I mean like it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the I mean like you know uh like okay point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA well uh I mean uh so I mean 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred you know um um uh I mean um and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this um like like so like like card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I you know so like uh I mean well was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank um I mean you know so um I mean you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over okay well well like I mean I mean to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome you know well okay um you know okay t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and so uh so well um like see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content well like like so uh so just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm I mean I mean well I mean like like so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under like uh I mean so like okay the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in well well um so okay I mean the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look you know I mean uh like okay um forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for tuning uh I mean okay I mean well I mean in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So bear with so um you know you know uh well us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we do okay you know like like uh you know we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the show um okay um uh okay well each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to okay so like so um like be going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is like like okay I mean I mean like my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was um you know uh like you know well going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm okay uh um uh like um just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make okay well I mean like okay so a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way I mean um okay um I mean you know to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place okay uh so well I mean so for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows well uh uh well uh like you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast you know like you know well okay so for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many so um well um well you know more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership I mean okay uh I mean um so. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag uh I mean so you know like okay Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast well like um okay I mean uh addressing probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all you know okay okay uh um okay time Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that I mean I mean uh I mean I mean I mean he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying like I mean you know uh so well put it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has you know I mean so uh like I mean been in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one uh well uh um well you know team just doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense okay well well you know like like to me. So it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go you know so well well well uh out and play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to you know okay um so so so get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to well uh you know uh um uh get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app um you know so you know I mean like or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to well so um so I mean uh your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you know uh like uh I mean well you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever uh like okay like like uh you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once uh um okay well I mean um again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f um uh like you know uh um m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor like um okay like um well its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that uh so um you know so well allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh like uh um I mean uh computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on like I mean uh I mean so you know Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with like like okay I mean so so no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place you know uh uh okay uh okay. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to um well I mean so uh well get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to I mean you know you know like well so talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an you know okay you know um you know you know image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into it so um like well I mean um understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam you know like um I mean um okay. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free okay you know um well like like agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like well uh okay like so so we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting I mean you know uh you know uh okay podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did you know you know uh um okay you know our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously so well um okay like you know we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron uh I mean you know I mean like okay Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that you know like well so like so people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, um well uh okay uh um but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three well um well so like well two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How I mean uh you know um um uh are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all I mean so well I mean like well hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde okay um you know so you know I mean movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline like well you know you know you know I mean like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm okay um so uh you know you know playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your you know uh okay you know I mean I mean life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait you know so well you know uh uh. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like you know well okay you know you know like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan I mean so uh you know so I mean of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how um like uh I mean okay um we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f so um uh uh uh okay m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's like uh you know okay um so creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a well like um um okay like computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app you know so so uh uh so to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt okay well uh uh like well get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 uh um I mean like um you know and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a I mean um okay okay so okay bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going to like well okay um you know you know take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask um like like okay um like where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because um well so um um okay you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of like well okay um you know well a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual FPL narratives okay like well so you know okay and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of like I mean like um like um course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I uh uh you know well okay okay believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a precursor to um so uh like I mean like America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing so you know you know uh okay I mean episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons uh uh okay um so um today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about I mean like uh uh um well all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very I mean um well okay um I mean special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons you know you know you know okay well uh at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy uh I mean well like like you know. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in okay okay you know like uh you know terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot um you know uh you know you know I mean of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in like um I mean uh I mean you know the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say um I mean uh uh uh like thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going I mean um so um you know so to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to okay um okay well well you know my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know my needed uh um I mean well okay like to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot well okay like so you know I mean of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host so okay um okay uh like Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank um uh like um you know so you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram well like uh well like um following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you uh okay so I mean so I mean to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and okay you know like you know okay um the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of okay I mean I mean I mean um uh the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite so um you know so you know uh a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against you know well well like uh okay walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off uh um you know I mean um like of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a okay okay uh uh you know um weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and like like okay well you know I mean learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter you know like so um well you know and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 uh okay okay um so like times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it you know like I mean so okay well with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a uh um well uh you know like really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a so uh like like so uh marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on so like like like um uh social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for like okay I mean well well okay even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional okay you know I mean okay um so where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live okay like like well like well with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in um like um like like so 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 okay you know so well um you know today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if the you know so you know uh so well tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from um so okay okay you know you know God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this so so um okay you know um tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if you know like okay so I mean I mean indeed by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we okay like so so okay uh are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to you know you know uh you know you know like talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to okay okay I mean I mean like okay record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and well you know uh like um um it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um well okay I mean so uh straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends well like well okay I mean you know as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your well well so like like okay podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many so well you know like I mean like more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so I mean so okay okay I mean. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor so uh well um you know like app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start well um um okay okay you know this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to um so okay okay uh okay this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the left here uh well okay so so okay. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It well you know like I mean uh um works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we um you know like um uh okay save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms okay well um so you know you know to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on well I mean okay uh I mean uh here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and like okay okay okay you know uh review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have um you know um I mean I mean well you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has I mean well I mean um you know well used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students like um so uh you know um she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students um I mean okay um um I mean learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been uh well um so so like a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to school on the second you know so uh like you know I mean day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me you know like okay okay so well I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so um okay so like okay I mean much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? well you know you know you know I mean uh Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier well I mean you know like like you know. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest I mean uh like I mean you know I mean. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do well so well okay uh I mean that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into okay uh you know well so I mean the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take well um so well like okay a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're uh um I mean well well um after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell so uh um okay like okay me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right well I mean I mean so I mean like down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology uh I mean you know um well you know midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm okay um I mean so um so not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a uh well uh uh like I mean book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit like you know um okay like I mean in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience um well like like so like for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara you know so so okay um you know Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the I mean I mean I mean um okay okay Jack Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric like you know uh so um I mean an amazing person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all okay you know uh so I mean okay about your team. It's all about the people you put together. I want to take well okay uh um uh well advantage of this to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of um um okay uh so um Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys you know like uh I mean uh okay are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we um uh like so you know so were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming so um I mean I mean okay I mean up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life well well I mean like you know I mean. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand so well you know so I mean so it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, uh so I mean um like I mean oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black like okay uh I mean like you know looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio I mean I mean so okay um uh juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is well you know well okay uh I mean the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at uh um uh I mean like uh the Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for so you know you know so well you know a couple of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in like I mean so like you know okay town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening like um okay like um uh to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank okay you know okay well um like you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this well you know like well I mean like is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking well you know you know I mean like okay beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them so well I mean uh you know well you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because uh okay I mean okay so so I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my podcast episodes uh so I mean uh okay I mean. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely love it. If you know I mean you know I mean well okay you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me okay like well I mean well okay explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from like like okay I mean I mean um your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for you so it okay well like well um so can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can even make like uh uh uh you know so money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a I mean so you know okay you know okay podcast in one place. All you have to do is download the free anchor like okay um uh I mean uh app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a question okay okay um well okay okay about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't so well like well so uh heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you well um um I mean like you know haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and um uh well um you know like I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's okay I mean so um so um creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like so so okay like well your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from I mean like so okay well you know my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast so okay you know well uh you know for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many okay well well like um you know more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from you know um um well okay like your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had I mean okay like um you know um your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a uh you know um like you know um podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night toothbrushing you know you know well I mean I mean I mean show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all you know you know I mean you know well well the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily um so okay um I mean well Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a well like so you know well like giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful um I mean uh you know okay okay people from all over the world come to New York each year and take um okay okay okay so uh pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but well um I mean um okay so that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John so well I mean like okay so Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases so um like I mean uh I mean worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We have you know like you know you know like uh now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six I mean I mean so I mean okay like deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths in California. And so you know you know well I mean uh so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our villains okay like uh like uh okay podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of like well so you know uh so the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and you know okay like like I mean you know outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify uh like like well okay so or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North I mean um okay well uh okay of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in uh well um so um uh April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of well um uh okay so I mean them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here so I mean you know uh uh so. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people um you know well like you know um would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from like uh um I mean so I mean their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the like okay well well um I mean lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are like um um well like well outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but okay I mean you know I mean I mean like it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather um uh so like well um. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit you know so okay like well like and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to like um uh uh I mean you know this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise okay like uh um you know uh yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in uh well so okay so uh the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about well like uh you know okay you know the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most uh you know uh so you know I mean notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most fascinating okay uh you know um okay um True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from um um I mean well um well some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation um I mean well like you know you know method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is okay uh so you know so okay you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen so you know um you know so I mean to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description um uh you know well um well today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of okay uh you know uh I mean uh Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what like well okay um uh um needs to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period you know I mean um like okay well things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England you know okay um I mean I mean I mean lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life like I mean you know like okay okay was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to survive and so well um so you know uh live tended to be very short for so for those people within a medieval village, I mean um like I mean I mean so you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky you know you know I mean I mean uh well as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and like you know okay so okay well brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach well well I mean okay I mean um so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a well like well I mean so uh little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because okay you know like I mean you know like rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that the I mean uh like well so like The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up who is you know you know uh um okay um going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes Zach and I uh okay um uh uh you know were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret you know okay you know um so I mean till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago I mean like like well like uh during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to give I mean like well okay so okay us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach like well um well well uh. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having so I mean um like uh so the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will you know I mean uh okay well uh intro there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are like okay uh okay okay okay the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this well uh I mean um so you know week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm like okay so like like like gonna go on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big um you know I mean okay uh like old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just so like like I mean you know like go as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see like okay uh um well you know that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your uh so uh I mean like I mean host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you okay uh so you know so you know need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life I mean you know you know so um okay. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you okay like okay you know okay I mean in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively you know uh um you know uh um over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share um uh so I mean well um my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new okay I mean uh like I mean well clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever okay like so uh okay I mean is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he talking uh well uh you know you know okay chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about so uh uh well well well to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near like um okay so um well Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house you know so I mean you know so so and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take like I mean uh well so like something out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high um well you know okay uh uh up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're so like um uh I mean I mean not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss okay uh so you know you know um one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is uh so like you know well like Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest so so okay uh um well then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or so so okay so like so for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm um well like okay uh well Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I I mean um I mean well uh like just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on you know like okay uh you know uh different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I I mean like okay well so you know just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more okay like you know so uh um energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast comes I mean uh I mean so I mean I mean to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed you know okay like okay I mean uh to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast producer. How um like uh well okay well do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because it's the uh uh well I mean um um easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free. You can uh well um well so I mean edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and all in like like I mean so uh like one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it can be heard on um so like uh okay like Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make money with no uh like I mean like I mean well minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You can make money from your so like you know okay um so podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place download the you know you know um like I mean okay free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are uh okay okay so um so joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like well like well so well I mean these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor okay uh uh uh like you know or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was uh well like um okay well the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got like so so okay you know you know to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd okay I mean uh uh I mean well get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and well I mean uh so okay I mean we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg you know um okay well you know you know just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so like you know um um um so we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my I mean uh so like you know okay mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my I mean like uh I mean you know so bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap uh um so um I mean like with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of uh you know well okay well well like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all uh like well like well uh costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm um you know uh um well like not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror I mean like um so so I mean right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So I mean like I mean okay like um it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah like well you know you know you know so. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you I mean okay um so so you know for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you uh uh like um well uh it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for I mean like like like um um my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for so I mean so uh I mean so the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things uh okay you know um well so by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that so uh so like well you know says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But like I mean well okay um so there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but um uh okay like you know um me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to you know so so so I mean uh flow today and we just hope that you guys get what um uh okay well you know well you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old well okay okay like you know like daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no one okay I mean you know uh um well knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick um I mean well okay okay well of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders I mean uh well uh uh you know every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of I mean so you know like you know uh history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to um well so I mean you know like podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is you know uh um uh okay um advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of I mean okay well I mean okay like a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the um okay uh um well well podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht you know I mean okay uh I mean uh and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked you know uh uh I mean um uh whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider I mean um like like you know well what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus so okay like so so okay whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing so you know like so like you know insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will uh so um you know um you know be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author I mean you know okay okay like like of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about uh well like I mean uh so the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually uh um okay okay well so is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards so um okay like um I mean teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your I mean okay you know I mean so so host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one I mean okay like you know well I mean chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance so I mean like well you know okay News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new I mean you know you know so um well season of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic like so uh you know I mean I mean anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her like so you know um so I mean family is unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie well uh you know I mean uh uh though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right okay okay okay like well I mean. Stephanie has a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some you know so well um I mean um people may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay well uh well I mean so I mean everything out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content like uh well so uh you know and that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and uh well you know I mean um um it's also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate uh you know so well um um a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love um I mean you know well like like whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman well you know well I mean well like should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is like um uh like well like 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you uh um well you know I mean well who's that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with um you know uh uh I mean like Nick and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other I mean so um okay I mean okay host Marc Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler um you know you know like I mean like your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler uh you know um um um you know and college so how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah you know uh you know uh I mean well. So we I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We I mean okay you know you know okay so first met but it was there be but it was there. We took the we so um you know you know I mean you know just say major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by okay you know you know like you know uh each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree okay so uh you know okay uh planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of um like well okay like like her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a well like you know so okay I mean reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who well uh um okay you know uh spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree you know okay uh like so so planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings well I mean uh I mean I mean you know in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections I mean I mean so so okay well experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed you know I mean like okay okay uh light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in uh like uh um like uh the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as like uh I mean okay um so a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming you know well I mean uh so you know from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast like you know okay I mean like you know in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not uh okay okay um so you know drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce uh so uh like I mean um or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different I mean uh well like uh well levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the I mean so you know like okay I mean right products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, I mean so okay you know like well right? What type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't so um like like uh like you want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding uh you know like you know like um are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money well I mean uh uh I mean okay doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what you know um well okay uh you know I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at so you know like you know um so all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to so so I mean like I mean like build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before we well well uh well I mean like get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you to I mean you know I mean you know okay uh get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results from the uh uh I mean um okay well inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more calories I mean so I mean like um like post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each okay um like so like um workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't um so so I mean like so overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life okay so uh okay well I mean out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with I mean okay well you know I mean like. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to help well like I mean I mean uh I mean you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling asleep um um well okay uh uh and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God so I mean okay like uh I mean. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as you I mean uh uh you know okay well listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an inspiration to you um like okay so uh well To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, like uh like so so well you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K so so um um I mean uh out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light you know um uh well okay like it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was so you know uh I mean I mean I mean like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this uh so okay well like so list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this uh okay okay I mean okay you know couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love like well well like you know you know friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody so so uh okay you know okay. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I mean well I mean you know you know uh I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to well okay like so well you know introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot you know uh you know I mean okay well take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start uh you know uh you know you know okay with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone well like okay uh okay okay to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the so so you know well uh I mean American Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we so I mean so like like uh have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, okay so I mean I mean so so it's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones well okay uh well I mean like. All right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was like well like you know uh so on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever you know I mean you know well uh I mean take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior I mean um like I mean you know well knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior like um so well you know um. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined I mean I mean uh okay um you know as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today I mean okay you know so okay so Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I uh I mean um like um you know came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, okay I mean uh well okay um I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair okay okay so so so so when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and um I mean okay I mean I mean so he told me on the spot that it was going to be on you know uh so okay well so camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let I mean uh like well I mean so people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My okay I mean okay I mean so well husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We okay I mean well well you know well are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's so uh well I mean uh like very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual well okay okay okay you know um CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard okay like uh I mean so okay time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can so okay I mean you know okay like associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, okay um you know you know I mean uh we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful well okay I mean okay so well entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to you know like um okay uh um access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward so well I mean okay uh okay slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think um so um okay I mean I mean I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional well okay okay uh well you know as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other um so uh so uh I mean people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say well uh well you know uh like that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here with you know uh okay so like um Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder Town okay like you know I mean um so USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great man so okay like okay well okay. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right I mean I mean okay you know you know so for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but you know so I mean uh well uh I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah like I mean like so so well. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like I mean you know okay okay uh like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out um okay I mean I mean okay well because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks podcast well um well well I mean well where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering I mean like I mean okay you know okay all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries you know um I mean you know I mean okay that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the Apollo like um okay like uh okay mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news on Starship um um I mean so uh um to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if like okay um well I mean okay okay us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening you know you know I mean so you know I mean in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult I mean um uh so okay I mean consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised uh uh I mean uh um I mean Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All like uh um you know like like I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back you know like uh you know like um seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you I mean like uh so um um know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to okay um well you know okay so God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this um I mean so I mean you know so. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that okay so so so uh uh can lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome you know I mean okay uh well um to lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some okay I mean okay like like okay of our favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today well well uh well like um we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for uh um well uh um I mean BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make I mean like um um uh um it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I like well so okay so well hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part you know like you know um uh uh 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release like so I mean um um you know this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There uh I mean I mean like uh I mean are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it um you know well okay well uh. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend well okay I mean uh I mean okay. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think so okay uh okay okay like that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way um okay like like um well that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable uh um you know um like well when you know where she came from part 1 is all about so like so so like so her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her you know you know um okay I mean so as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing you know okay well well I mean uh show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the so uh so I mean so like inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're uh uh uh so well well talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair uh I mean I mean okay well okay of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were um you know I mean you know you know you know Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were well I mean okay you know you know well born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have so like so you know well well them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be a um well I mean well so um long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's you know okay so uh well well your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. We're joined by well so like you know like you know special special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio well Cambria found so like I mean okay I mean well a how was your day? How was your day tiring long as it was productive. That's okay like uh you know um okay all that matters. Come on, the love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So uh I mean okay uh um so guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so uh uh like you know like I mean nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan okay okay so okay you know you know. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the tiebreak, which okay okay okay like okay well is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would make the well um I mean well like okay most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically they're not in like okay you know like um I mean first. All I care about is when you look at the points it is like like well you know so well tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation we you know like um I mean um so are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat I mean I mean um so okay you know the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the uh well like well so you know topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I I mean like you know well like you know got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching uh you know like I mean I mean so for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've so well like well so like been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email um okay um well so like and he's got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he um um so so well okay basically he meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group um so so I mean uh okay of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She uh okay well okay I mean I mean says that she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast for uh so so so I mean like and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Ray I mean you know um uh uh okay Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're listening okay I mean I mean um uh you know to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My okay um you know you know I mean you know forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I I mean um like so uh like love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret. We can okay so well you know like well talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to so um okay you know well well talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get um okay like um you know um to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with well like like um um uh Quote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs um uh I mean I mean I mean well. This is the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that well okay well you know so okay we know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just I mean like okay um uh um talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games I mean uh um so uh um during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using um um uh so okay I mean it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the I mean uh well I mean um you know practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of you know you know um okay okay uh course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you well um like uh like uh guys about anchor which is the platform. I used to make this well um like uh so well podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and uh you know I mean uh like uh let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh okay I mean well uh so your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you like well like I mean you know okay. So you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can you know um uh like I mean like make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything so you know uh I mean well um you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app you know okay you know I mean well like or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, I mean so I mean you know okay well welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for like so you know you know I mean I mean tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel well um uh like um uh like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of so I mean well I mean okay like Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a okay you know um okay I mean okay podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor okay well so well well well I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you um like so well well like everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your well um like so um well phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the okay you know well I mean um so app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even I mean I mean I mean okay well you know distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can I mean okay I mean okay um okay be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also well so uh I mean okay um easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or uh well so well well I mean go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast well uh you know well well well. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money I mean um um I mean um uh up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are so I mean so okay I mean um creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your okay well you know well like uh phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money like uh so well um you know buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can um okay so you know like um be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can I mean well well I mean um so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need well you know I mean okay you know well to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go um I mean uh I mean you know okay to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with so um well okay uh so Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI uh okay well uh you know so. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, uh well I mean well um um Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to um you know so well uh you know the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes I mean you know uh you know okay I mean and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today like okay you know I mean uh like. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo so like I mean I mean you know so. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I well okay like okay well I mean wrote about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day you know uh so um like you know he was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to so so uh uh I mean um the apostles. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave well okay well I mean um you know many convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of you know well um well um uh 40 days and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion like um uh like well um while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I well uh well okay you know okay wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about okay you know so you know well um the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important okay like okay okay okay well aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well I mean like like like I mean okay as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to like um like okay I mean uh host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while okay so you know like uh well also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives so um I mean uh uh like me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either well well like well okay uh from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity you know I mean so like you know okay to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, like um um um um um you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear well um you know like okay uh from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before like um I mean okay like uh now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to for I mean um uh so you know I mean a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field okay like I mean um uh you know but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation so okay so well so um with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy uh well um uh I mean I mean. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all I mean uh you know okay okay okay how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, I mean I mean well like I mean so you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit of well uh I mean uh uh so respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest okay um like uh like uh way to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you like um okay um uh uh can use to record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer um um you know you know like like an anchor will distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform I mean you know so well I mean uh such as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's okay okay like like I mean you know everything you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor uh um like um well I mean dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my I mean so um so well um friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee um uh so uh like you know. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of I mean uh so you know like like Iron Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The I mean I mean I mean um so so company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion well well um well like well soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that so so I mean so like um I am so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection uh you know well well um well with Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the um well you know so well like company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time um so so so uh I mean we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going um so you know I mean uh so to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss um um like so so I mean any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have like I mean uh so I mean so it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to them I mean okay you know uh okay uh. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably could I you like like I mean like well um didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we can I mean so I mean I mean you know okay talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked well uh you know you know you know like to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so well so okay um you know well he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in I mean uh well um well uh this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the like I mean so I mean okay I mean audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy so I mean you know you know so okay this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye so like okay you know I mean I mean podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all well so you know like well like of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me okay like like um um okay. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm uh like um well you know so Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking um so like so okay okay at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the well um like uh okay um strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one I mean okay well I mean um um point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard well uh so um so so a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them uh like like so like uh to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central like like I mean like well well and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who like okay like um okay um were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at so well um I mean uh uh the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and um like so um so uh ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a uh um okay uh I mean I mean couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for uh um so uh like so being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your well I mean I mean so so um name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm uh um um well uh well involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved um okay uh uh okay well with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with okay uh I mean you know so you know an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the like like you know so uh um last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up so um you know um you know well as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 so you know well I mean like I mean dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries well um okay um well I mean now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the like so um you know okay you know governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US okay so like you know well like. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing um I mean uh I mean you know like about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast you know um I mean well well so. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and like uh like uh okay uh edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast um so um I mean like uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can uh so uh you know I mean so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a okay I mean you know um uh you know podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without okay you know okay so like um anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor um uh um you know um uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just uh I mean uh well you know you know wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full I mean okay uh so well you know podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive well so well so okay uh baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star like so uh um well like Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening so well I mean like well um wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the Star uh um so like I mean well Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba well um I mean well um uh the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the um uh like well so okay Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam uh uh you know um you know I mean and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio like I mean so well so so Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture uh like like so okay so. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan you know you know uh so so um Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both okay um um uh okay um watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky you know you know okay um okay you know is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of so okay like you know well okay different components that we have to get into so there it's going to okay you know I mean okay okay so start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's you know I mean um I mean well okay the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and so I mean um um well you know there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from so uh I mean you know you know like your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and like well I mean I mean okay like many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make okay okay like okay so like money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta well uh well uh okay so grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to well like uh I mean uh uh do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App I mean well I mean uh so so Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going you know uh uh uh uh um on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and like well you know well um so YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing um uh okay like okay well. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing um like you know I mean you know like it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic okay um okay well uh like of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho so you know um okay um okay. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you have like so uh um so okay met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day and so uh okay um okay okay we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the like um uh uh uh um video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like so so so um um you know talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship I mean so uh okay okay so healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out well I mean okay so so okay and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the well well I mean um like okay first episode of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you okay well okay I mean okay okay guys the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your um you know so okay well uh own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design you know um you know okay okay you know and hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own so so you know um I mean so Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful I mean I mean well so you know you know file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to okay like um like well so do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this you know well well so uh so for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It uh uh I mean I mean like well is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney well like well um um um Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo boys like so uh like you know you know. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the roots. We're I mean so I mean okay so uh going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In Town you know so um okay like so. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are who so um um you know uh um let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say like like uh okay well well it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as uh I mean well okay uh okay you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right okay like uh um like you know to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you well you know okay like okay um got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and uh you know like so I mean so I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long so so I mean like I mean well Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to so like uh like uh uh occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her like uh you know like uh you know Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her you know I mean you know so okay well undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA like like um um um you know Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not um um so well well you know only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to dive into so so like you know okay so some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's well so so um um like had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some situations I mean uh okay um okay uh where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design I mean you know okay so like so and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment you know okay like um okay um business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not so um well well you know um working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you uh well I mean like well well experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week you know uh you know uh okay you know. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way that well I mean so I mean um okay you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align okay um um well well you know by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms like um okay um um like beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome you know I mean I mean I mean so um and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life okay you know uh you know okay uh and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off um okay uh I mean um like your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the I mean you know um so like well link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this um like you know well okay I mean Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will I mean uh you know okay um you know help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and you know like so I mean okay you know at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to okay well so um you know okay the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 you know okay like like you know you know year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend like okay uh well um um Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San well I mean I mean um I mean well Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as well so uh so so okay it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin I mean okay um okay so I mean just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong okay like okay you know so um. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he well you know uh so um well began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty so you know well um uh I mean fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December um okay so uh so like quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit okay okay um you know so uh we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP so you know okay okay um I mean was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that um okay okay well okay you know economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was so you know so um like I mean at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it so you know so um well well looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to like so like so I mean so the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and uh well uh uh I mean I mean the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay uh you know okay I mean uh I mean at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind you know okay like so um you know of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things well like you know well so uh. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do when I mean I mean okay I mean uh you know you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their well okay I mean you know you know uh stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn I mean okay okay uh okay you know and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both so well so I mean so like experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about okay you know so well like um all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's you know I mean you know I mean like I mean so that you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with uh um like so so so the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your like I mean I mean well okay um health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up uh uh okay like okay like. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's okay like you know well um uh episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? uh uh okay I mean so you know Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like so I mean uh like okay like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing you know so so so like like the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's um um like um so I mean about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here uh you know uh I mean okay so to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know well you know you know like you know like you are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as like okay so uh uh you know an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, well okay like well I mean uh it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well you know so well uh you know well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to build okay okay okay like um um in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it um I mean okay um okay I mean that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of like uh uh okay uh like a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want like okay um you know okay uh to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? you know uh I mean uh you know I mean You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and I mean okay you know you know um like notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice um um well well um um when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode okay uh um so so well 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring so I mean you know so uh um individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast well well you know um uh I mean rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily so okay well you know um okay requested by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or so uh you know I mean well uh top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have you know I mean uh okay so so asked a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend um I mean well I mean well like for personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with well like well you know you know well you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the so so uh you know I mean okay ones that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't okay like so I mean you know so sure every book that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, so you know like okay okay okay but I'll give you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of so I mean so um you know okay this a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal um well I mean like well I mean is to put these onto the blog as well here probably in the next you know uh I mean okay well well two weeks or so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real um like okay so like okay work to do but I will get to this but if you hear me say uh so uh so uh um something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact that well uh uh well um uh someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and um uh I mean I mean you know um actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really fantastic uh so uh okay so uh. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing uh well so you know well um this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of uh you know um I mean okay I mean of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our uh uh well okay okay you know podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website visible okay you know I mean um like you know dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a uh well I mean you know like so big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to like I mean like okay so uh space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week I mean well okay well uh well. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the um you know I mean so like so fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films so you know so like well um Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you so okay I mean like um like enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every uh you know uh so so so Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups okay like you know okay okay well follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 I mean um well well well uh 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk I mean like well well you know like now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on so well um uh um so AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here um so you know you know well I mean to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give you like uh I mean um you know well our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time tuning you know so well um well um in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an okay okay like so I mean I mean actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course uh I mean I mean like um like your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said okay okay uh well you know well yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only I mean uh uh um I mean uh first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV uh okay like um I mean like fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine well I mean well you know okay like be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and um well okay um uh uh everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I okay you know you know uh well you know don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle well um so okay like like amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All um so well so you know so right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never uh I mean uh so so so listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't I mean uh I mean so well well know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It okay well um okay I mean I mean was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys are uh well I mean so um well hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're here. We're so like like well so well going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how we do first okay okay well you know uh like. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on the team uh okay okay I mean okay um married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it you know well I mean so okay so but I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a um so uh um so well reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese I mean okay okay I mean I mean well Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the like I mean um like I mean um other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome um uh well so so um back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's okay you know like uh okay you know like old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory so well so uh okay okay. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for well uh like okay um uh this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start uh um you know uh okay um to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my you know well so like um so fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's okay um well you know you know so our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like like okay well okay I mean like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad I mean okay well well I mean um. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast okay okay well um uh you know that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with uh like you know um okay you know choreographers costume and set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of uh uh well so okay you know course speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind well uh like I mean like uh the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to um well like I mean like so. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the you know okay well so like so interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence I mean um so so well I mean of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the uh um okay um you know well very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded um you know um well so uh live on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going so I mean you know um you know well to hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience um you know okay okay like uh as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an so you know like so I mean um interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was like like you know like okay like very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be um well so so you know like fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about like so um so so you know anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's you know like um like like okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um um like you know like um your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard so you know uh okay uh like on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money um like like well well you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a so so well you know like like podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot okay I mean you know like okay you know f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and uh um so you know well okay gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer well uh so uh okay you know Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and okay like well uh I mean I mean we kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So uh like you know okay you know you know we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow I mean you know you know okay you know you know your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if okay okay so uh uh well you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to uh uh uh okay I mean you know them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling um okay I mean you know I mean okay and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so well okay uh I mean um um already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast well like like so like uh in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of you know I mean I mean you know so so the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys I mean like you know uh well I mean first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a like like you know I mean I mean so few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a um like like I mean well like mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across uh uh you know um uh well the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just okay well um like like you know was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around I mean so like you know I mean you know the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves I mean uh you know so so well. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you uh I mean like well so well. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the okay I mean okay you know well okay benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of like okay so okay I mean you know Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives okay you know so I mean um well meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie you know okay well um so well and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you um um you know okay like you know with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be um well um um um like reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we so okay well you know well like thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect um uh um so well you know really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to wake by so okay so I mean okay I mean Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream of uh you know like well okay you know you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion you know you know okay I mean like I mean gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full um okay so okay uh like and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and well well uh like uh well we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's you know you know well okay um okay no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest okay like I mean okay I mean well thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a well like well um so you know lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah like well well you know okay um and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So you know so so I mean like you know we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a you know okay okay well like uh shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we I mean um I mean so uh you know know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is uh um you know uh uh so Daniel winter and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to like um so you know I mean I mean explore topics that are too important to wait until your last day okay well so uh you know um on Earth as we introduce each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will like I mean like you know um I mean be your last so each new day could be your final chance to really live uh um so so so well. This week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the so okay uh you know um I mean podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, so okay you know so so uh Andrew, what would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I you know I mean well you know well so was going to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully you know okay uh like um well something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode you know like so you know uh um of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we so so um okay uh um use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use uh uh well okay I mean well and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit well I mean like like like I mean your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my well uh okay um okay like mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I okay well so uh like you know uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it I mean um I mean I mean well so. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute you know you know well like well like your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great like well well like okay like download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have uh okay um I mean uh you know for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like delicious um uh like I mean um you know olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to um well um like so like go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like so so I mean uh you know like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and like so um well I mean you know such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices okay okay you know um I mean well is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down okay you know so so okay okay the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how uh you know uh you know well okay most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to I mean okay you know so uh so hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and so I mean I mean uh uh okay I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at like so okay you know so I mean some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What okay you know I mean okay you know uh is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats like I mean okay uh you know so on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm um so okay so like so of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1 um um okay like like I mean. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you uh you know um so like well to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast I mean okay well well uh okay form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee uh so like like well I mean podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly you know uh uh so like okay B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening uh I mean um well like like to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with well well uh so I mean like double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's uh uh okay so you know like episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks uh like okay so so like about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and okay so I mean okay well well sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know okay well so so uh uh what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on uh so I mean so so I mean is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian like okay okay so like so believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are like so okay so you know so stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often I mean okay like uh uh uh cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I okay uh so um I mean like welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God so well um um I mean like is gray is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with okay so like so well okay kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story or perspective to share please reach you know um you know well I mean well me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the like like you know I mean um okay cause and be a part of our community donate to patreon.com slash well I mean okay I mean I mean you know. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a okay well um um uh so fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But like um so you know okay like yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy you know well um you know um uh with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not um uh you know well okay I mean a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants um I mean um well I mean okay kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's you know you know you know okay well you know cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences like uh well so I mean I mean guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, you know so so so you know um such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not uh uh like um uh so reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this you know well well well well okay podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have well like um well um um but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling well you know you know well you know okay you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets like I mean I mean so so I mean worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I so okay you know well uh you know deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about uh I mean like so uh I mean anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one I mean so um like okay like. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have um uh okay uh well I mean to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's well you know well you know uh like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone um like uh so um so or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and like well so well okay okay pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you like okay I mean like okay so where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each well I mean so well um uh one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more like uh okay well well uh than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment well you know you know you know okay well my passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit I mean so I mean I mean okay you know it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on okay well well like well I mean Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today well I mean okay like like um I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering you know okay okay well you know uh opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird uh okay so so so I mean place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World um well well you know uh so Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I like uh well um you know well just I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna okay well uh okay like um make my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting uh well I mean okay uh you know down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode I mean you know like I mean okay I mean were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's so I mean well okay I mean like loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres well okay uh like um you know Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking okay so you know uh um so sports events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special well okay I mean uh I mean like listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 I mean um well okay like so minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes uh um um you know um okay closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast okay you know I mean like so well thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash uh well well I mean you know like Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you like I mean okay uh like um want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week well uh um uh uh so be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori you know I mean um I mean so uh events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and so um uh okay okay I mean in that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, I mean um uh um like so you know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to like you know like uh I mean like change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd I mean like so okay you know I mean really like to see but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to like um so you know uh you know help us shape what we offer to you. You can send an email like okay um like like like to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which uh like so I mean so like you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while you know you know I mean you know like so since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to uh you know so well well I mean have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping so um I mean um I mean you know for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked you know um um I mean okay well up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto I mean I mean like um well so the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave you know I mean like um so um fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording so I mean like like um you know this on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days so like like you know okay so to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's um okay well like like you know what we're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from you know I mean okay I mean like um the combine. And I know I said this on last week's show but I have I mean um um um like so to reiterate you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly okay okay you know okay uh you know talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're uh well uh like well like / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view so you know um I mean you know you know of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing okay uh okay like okay like than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest you know so I mean well well okay scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The um I mean like you know so uh former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund well okay uh I mean like uh and Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought like well like um okay you know he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past so okay um uh uh um few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the you know I mean I mean um like you know bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no like uh uh okay well so matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo um you know um I mean so well. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I okay um well you know uh uh talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and well okay uh so uh I mean why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and uh so well okay like okay be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome like uh okay you know uh I mean insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in so you know you know like well well with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite you know I mean okay okay like okay some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like you know so I mean you know okay well. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't like okay uh uh well well know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now um so uh um you know you know. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it like you know so okay um you know because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where so like like well uh you know we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and um I mean okay so okay well sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on um so well so like um the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim okay I mean uh um um uh to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic um um so um well like in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about um um uh you know like okay the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects so uh okay you know uh like every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most you know you know you know uh okay I mean fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short okay you know like so like well clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, okay okay uh uh you know well like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world well okay um um you know okay really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you well well so okay uh I mean listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in you know well well well you know uh the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys okay okay okay well like um from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are okay well like so uh so we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you I mean you know um you know um well said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but so um you know so okay uh what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's I mean like I mean so so uh actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his like uh you know um uh well location just a block away for over four years going it to the so like okay um well I mean University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices like you know I mean like uh I mean in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast you know I mean so I mean uh well to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our like uh uh like um okay eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one so well you know I mean like I mean is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If like well so like okay um you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast like okay um um well okay. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and so um okay well well like edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean okay okay um like well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can okay okay um okay um um actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything okay well like uh um um you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download uh uh well I mean well uh the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm well well um you know you know okay Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk uh you know so um so um about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the like um well I mean like well past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and well so you know okay so you know Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it okay okay um so uh well. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting so uh you know well I mean like them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was well so like like um I mean good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking I mean you know um I mean uh well forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past you know so well um well so week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans you know so I mean like um um Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring um well okay uh like um a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me um I mean I mean you know I mean you know just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall I mean well uh like so like that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child um you know I mean okay um uh sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100 so so well well I mean well. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity well I mean uh um okay uh and we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I uh um you know well so so think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for work uh like so uh well uh because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast. I'm well well you know um so like Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey okay like well okay well you know Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about a month I mean I mean well well you know you know like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In so you know well um you know like advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will so um okay uh well uh come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in well like okay like you know I mean the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30 um like uh so well well. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, so you know you know I mean um so very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing uh okay you know okay like well what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to so I mean you know okay so well the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the you know like you know you know like so authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing like okay okay so you know you know conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do I mean you know like I mean well okay you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void um I mean so so you know like and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work so uh I mean like um I mean at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you um uh like like you know uh about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is um okay okay uh so okay the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it um like so okay like like from a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh I mean okay um uh like so my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do uh you know you know like okay uh it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that I mean you know like uh like like all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do that okay I mean you know okay I mean okay on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you you know okay well uh I mean so don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely so you know so you know like like free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your uh so well well so uh phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard I mean uh well you know I mean you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, so okay okay um you know I mean which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm uh um um you know I mean I mean going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need um like well you know um like to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join I mean uh so like I mean you know us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab your okay like okay like well well D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll you know um you know so uh I mean. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry well well you know okay okay you know to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird so okay so like uh well listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is okay you know um okay I mean uh it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should okay like well like uh um turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones uh I mean well uh well uh at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get uh okay you know um well um get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in like like well um like so right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no well well I mean I mean I mean okay need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this like okay like so like I mean is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point um okay so so well okay and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is um you know well so uh uh so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of well you know okay well so well my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during um um um like so uh our time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation okay uh well so uh I mean about her journey that led up to her and I working together where she's at I mean okay like so uh I mean. Now what she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps well like so okay you know you know we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails well okay so you know I mean well and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch uh okay um okay you know I mean of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and uh like uh um I mean so you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna you know okay I mean so uh well see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with a okay um you know well you know so little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal so okay so um you know um voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm you know um uh you know so well Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so okay like you know okay okay you know I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened uh like so like okay so in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of I mean okay you know like uh I mean entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to I mean uh you know uh um well India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, like you know um so I mean like okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the well so uh so um okay time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now well okay uh um like okay. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I mean you know I mean so so you know I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff you know uh like so you know uh. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like like uh like I mean I mean uh he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I uh you know okay you know uh well mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? I mean okay you know you know so okay Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so you know I mean well I mean um like much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires I mean okay um so um well you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out so um I mean uh you know so today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are like uh um um well uh as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity okay you know well like um okay to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in well okay well okay I mean I mean uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are going I mean well uh um like well somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to you know I mean like I mean okay I mean be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes like like I mean okay uh um discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for um well um I mean uh uh children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 in a like so you know well I mean I mean low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 okay um so like well like year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy you know I mean you know uh you know like carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking like so okay like um so for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days of like you know so um I mean okay gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today um um so um like you know. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national well so so um um so euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal okay well um so uh okay euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 you know uh okay like well uh choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the um okay uh so um okay top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound um you know uh I mean well like of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed you know um like so so well second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo well um uh like like uh competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which you know uh I mean okay like okay has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made okay okay um okay so I mean with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for I mean I mean like like like I mean spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be like uh like okay uh um the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia like like you know okay like I mean has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name like uh so so um okay is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and uh um well um uh um Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? like uh well well well I mean Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines well I mean like okay so uh best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor you know okay I mean okay um well or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage I mean uh you know so uh well all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd like I mean well okay okay so FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did you know um okay like uh you know not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like well like okay so you know like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the um I mean like like um I mean anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor so um um so well uh will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all um well you know you know so okay the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not like uh okay so um okay need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to um okay so uh you know well make use of it. If you have a message if you have some you know so like well you know so come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want so like uh um you know I mean to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to so uh well um so like my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome you know you know um so well well to the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking you know I mean you know you know you know so Bitcoin is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going okay uh um uh uh you know to talk about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm I mean like well uh like uh offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you um uh I mean like like um a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've uh okay um well I mean so asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed well um I mean so um so my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life uh you know like I mean so you know changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today like okay like okay I mean so I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford so like I mean I mean um you know ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two um like okay um um um skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need uh like well so I mean um to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right I mean well I mean you know so um there. He said I want to tell you about something that I found out I mean well so you know uh like they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time well well so okay okay you know. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make so um um like I mean okay podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy uh okay so you know um okay hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a I mean you know like um okay um couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting you know you know uh uh like so scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles you know so I mean you know I mean um and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on well I mean so um well I mean still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's um so so you know like well fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an so like well um you know you know interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been well okay uh uh you know um listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked so you know well um well I mean it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars um you know so so I mean okay scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs like like okay like like um 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to okay um okay okay so uh visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the well like well um okay so author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a you know I mean uh uh um okay couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up uh uh so um okay so things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped so okay um well okay uh her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted um you know um like so well about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card uh I mean um okay like so statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare uh uh you know uh you know like and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is okay you know I mean so uh um full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In okay uh so like um I mean fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs you know like um um um uh we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths so well um okay I mean so creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The uh I mean uh well well well Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and you know like like well you know like Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone I mean so um uh like uh author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor so okay so well well well and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? I mean well um okay you know I mean Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going I mean um well I mean um okay to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to you know um so uh okay um talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot you know like you know okay well like beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz um I mean um like uh well it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad uh okay okay you know okay okay that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants well you know so so uh uh kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary like okay uh uh you know okay research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira uh well uh so uh uh pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He like um um you know so I mean coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views um uh well like um like and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion okay like okay so so well is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay I mean um uh uh I mean me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh I mean okay like uh well podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast I mean um well like well I mean for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you know well um so I mean uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need so um okay well uh I mean to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the I mean I mean um like well you know FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk so you know I mean like um okay. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth like uh okay you know okay you know means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not like okay like um um you know just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing um you know well I mean okay well Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray like so I mean okay like well that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it um like okay uh um like will be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John okay okay well like like you know 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I so so um you know uh okay Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain so okay so I mean like um in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his so uh okay okay um so love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you um okay okay okay you know like and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as so well okay I mean uh you know I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down like well you know uh like like one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I like so um okay you know like want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and okay uh you know like I mean like I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest I mean okay uh so okay okay way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and well uh okay um well I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you like like okay so so okay. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and okay um you know um like like many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to okay um I mean so I mean um make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started well well okay okay okay well. Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the okay like um I mean well you know book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history well I mean well so I mean okay and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's I mean uh like um okay okay. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing so um um like like you know I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with like okay um so uh okay formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is you know I mean well like um so go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on okay I mean you know okay okay so YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any um well uh okay so so more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog um so okay uh so um or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version like like I mean well okay um. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do like uh so well I mean so leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get like I mean so I mean well okay into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of well so you know uh okay um entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of okay so well so um um Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You I mean you know um like okay um could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but okay okay like okay you know well you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter you know well um so like well is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay well you know you know so you know like emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly I mean well so okay I mean so racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans well so um um well I mean of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation so you know I mean I mean um you know fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it you know well uh um well so too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the um I mean um like well well producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show like uh you know like I mean okay taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners you know um well um so you know are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The like like I mean uh uh okay show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain so um so um I mean uh. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season I mean well I mean you know I mean so there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then well okay so well okay like confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College Christian like like okay so uh you know church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in our emotions like like you know um uh well podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing I mean um so I mean I mean like so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is going to walk well so so uh so okay us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with I mean well so so okay uh Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It okay like okay well uh I mean started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community like um well you know okay you know there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred well okay I mean okay like well percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came you know um you know I mean okay you know about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern so I mean so well um well but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way um like so okay uh uh to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide like like um like you know so you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me I mean like you know okay I mean uh to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may well um uh okay so uh remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made so um okay I mean I mean uh it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything uh okay I mean uh you know like you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the okay uh um um I mean okay Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis of um okay well like uh you know the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse okay um well well you know you know 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was uh uh okay so you know you know said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this to you know I mean I mean you know uh um you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way um so I mean well um okay. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun well I mean so I mean well like to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f you know I mean I mean like um so m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything well like like you know you know okay you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the um like well you know okay you know major channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can okay like I mean okay so like make money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the you know I mean well like well okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with like uh you know like so uh poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of um uh um so I mean well two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley like so well like so okay the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song well uh like uh so I mean by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy so you know you know like uh I mean when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five um like well I mean uh uh beers on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try uh okay okay well um well and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two I mean so um you know like okay episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad um okay so so you know so Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged so you know like okay you know so him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the you know you know uh I mean like uh medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this uh well okay um okay um follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts well I mean okay okay well uh. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes like well well okay so um discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word okay like uh well well so. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll well I mean okay you know well uh explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you to um so you know well I mean like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you finish uh you know well I mean I mean like recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including well so okay like well like Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is Anchor easy to well I mean uh like so okay use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make money you know um um I mean um okay talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know I mean I mean okay well uh so you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How much is it um well um well I mean well cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing you know um I mean uh well okay show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here uh so well you know well okay. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who like well so uh so uh aren't listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my you know you know so like uh so coolant shitty show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that uh well like well uh uh you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey so so well uh uh you know. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it so well okay I mean I mean I mean look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already um like so so like I mean. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll um okay um okay so you know help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us um like so you know like okay on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a okay you know like uh so uh 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand okay okay I mean um um okay titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get well so okay well um you know into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you uh um so okay so like about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 like well okay um like okay of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web I mean you know uh um well um app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make you know um like I mean like I mean friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign so well okay you know so so up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host so um you know I mean okay okay many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but you know I mean so um you know well if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's so uh um uh so so the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the okay you know you know um like um podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that okay well so I mean I mean um allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor I mean like okay you know well well distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many okay so well I mean so uh other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a well okay um so well um podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app well I mean I mean like you know so or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True um um okay like so you know Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor Dame's first like like well uh you know um spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about you guys uh okay uh um um well. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if I um well like like uh so skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and we certainly have um um so like uh uh something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February. I know I like well well like uh uh know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's what we well I mean okay you know so like do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we can talk uh um well you know well I mean about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with the in so I mean uh um um well book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday um you know well uh you know uh of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a list well I mean okay I mean so you know this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we uh I mean uh you know I mean um were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian so well you know okay so okay but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast so okay um like I mean well. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again okay so I mean you know well you know through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy okay uh um like you know um. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good like okay so I mean like okay friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good uh you know well well well well to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just so uh well so uh like going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what you know so like you know well like that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little I mean well okay so like you know bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the you know like so um like like reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored okay well I mean so so like anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will um okay I mean okay like um be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all um like uh you know I mean uh the singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo you know okay I mean okay well uh three, so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the okay so like okay like okay key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella well like well well uh like empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't uh um um well okay um have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked you know like like like you know uh it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking um you know I mean like um so this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome so okay okay like like I mean to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined by uh uh well uh so uh anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said today well okay well like I mean uh the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of well you know okay uh so like the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you uh you know um I mean okay okay know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee uh well well I mean so okay. We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys so well uh you know so um about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion well okay well uh um you know by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening well so um so um so and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you I mean okay okay you know you know I mean support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November um so so I mean you know like 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her I mean okay I mean you know okay so nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell so like I mean so well you know you how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to like well well so like like connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would so you know like you know so so eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take you know okay you know you know well I mean years for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A okay okay okay um okay you know gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, well um so I mean well okay but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of well well uh uh you know uh murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered um well like well you know you know inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as well okay okay I mean you know so the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But well uh okay you know I mean um first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make well so I mean like so uh a podcast. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's like like like uh uh like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your okay um well um like you know phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be well so well I mean so so heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on you know so like well well like growing and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's so so I mean I mean you know you know everything you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start you know okay uh um I mean um your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go you know well well so like uh to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify you know like I mean I mean I mean okay on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even um you know so um so uh podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a uh like um like I mean you know premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including um uh I mean uh like I mean the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of you know you know like okay okay like my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a uh well uh well well you know good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except I mean I mean I mean you know you know uh it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're uh you know uh um like uh some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, um you know you know um um well we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to um well I mean so so you know this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about so I mean uh um uh I mean anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so um well you know like like. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and uh like um okay so well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for well like uh so well so you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many um so well you know so uh more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's uh you know like so well so everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app okay like like so like well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to like I mean uh okay okay well love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff uh like well um um um for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to uh I mean like I mean um you know you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and I mean um okay okay well you know distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what um uh you know um I mean um it is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find okay um uh well you know like out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different um like I mean well you know I mean platforms. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your uh um like uh like I mean podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have uh so I mean um so well a nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download I mean like so I mean I mean well the anchor app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, well um you know so I mean uh Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks I mean I mean you know so so uh for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall um I mean well you know um you know. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and uh I mean so well like um today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I um you know I mean well well um with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I okay uh um like well you know sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I so um so like uh like came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got you know I mean I mean I mean like I mean. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I so well okay like you know uh personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped um um uh you know so like cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars like uh well uh okay I mean socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide like I mean well okay you know um to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing I mean you know I mean you know so well we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and okay uh um I mean okay um accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long uh uh well um I mean like slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and um okay you know okay well like weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert um like well okay I mean like extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on you know so so um I mean so Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by uh you know uh so so you know clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if um uh well uh um you know you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask well well uh okay you know I mean that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven you know I mean so uh uh well years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert um uh you know I mean um well Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you okay you know okay you know like okay I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason so I mean you know like well okay we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to so uh like I mean I mean well disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even a couple um uh like okay well I mean days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months to a year uh um like you know like um. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to well so uh so okay I mean business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking I mean I mean you know well like I mean for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know uh like um okay so well what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like uh like okay okay well like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so um you know well well so uh much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, you know okay well okay um you know but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way I mean uh like you know I mean well into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate uh I mean like I mean like okay at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use uh I mean I mean okay you know well it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so like like you know okay so okay hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest so so like you know I mean um for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here like um uh um I mean like for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English um well um uh like so on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our okay uh like well you know well guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating uh um so um uh like Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I I mean you know I mean uh you know I mean was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 you know okay I mean okay uh you know or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on like uh well uh so you know whether I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's I mean so well uh uh you know jazz band. I was a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the so I mean uh so so okay community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become you know well um so um okay a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and so um okay you know well um welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community well uh uh I mean I mean well of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift you know like well uh well I mean outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is well okay I mean so you know you know a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not okay okay well you know you know um get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to um I mean okay uh like uh all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account I mean well well okay well I mean Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can so um okay uh um I mean follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download okay uh uh well uh you know episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're well well uh uh I mean you know listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already um um uh like um um Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify so uh uh like you know so or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to um well so well um I mean follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal like okay okay I mean um well Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by um like okay you know um I mean Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic um uh um uh I mean I mean hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are I mean well you know okay okay okay usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less well you know well you know okay like than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or so um you know okay I mean okay sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction like so uh like uh like. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or okay so uh so like well traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in so I mean okay I mean uh um pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism um um okay like uh I mean of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy okay you know like well you know like sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at you know um well you know uh uh lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all okay well okay you know okay I mean that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest like uh um uh um like Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So like okay um you know uh you know if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast like uh um so uh uh. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of okay uh uh um okay well you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some I mean I mean like like uh uh major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't so uh like um um so know how much time you've had to think about this but this is a new well I mean um well okay uh story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's so like okay well I mean like time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the you know so you know well you know so new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up so okay um you know you know so actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and I mean um so okay okay you know her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most um like like like well uh Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets to okay like so um well uh come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you want okay uh so like you know so the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys, this I mean like so so uh uh is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear Johnny um so well well I mean um got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class like I mean uh like um like. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in talk uh uh well so uh okay about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core values talks um okay well okay okay um about how important those are and how vital it is to know what your core I mean uh okay I mean um okay values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming like like like well okay um to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo so so so like well like correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American okay so um so well uh Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo you know like okay um you know okay episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the well you know um okay like like planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call you know um like so um okay today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and uh so well so um you know Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it you know uh um like so like. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It okay so okay like okay um looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the I mean so so so um I mean SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here with you know like so like you know I mean Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO so I mean well you know so you know season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great. If like well you know I mean so you know you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that if you you know I mean um well okay uh find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain. They well like well so okay I mean are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one eight hundred well um okay you know so I mean six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can uh uh uh well um um be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family okay uh um okay okay uh require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it you know like okay uh so um. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I you know uh um you know I mean I mean am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating I mean well so um I mean so pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me so so so like you know like. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving like I mean okay um uh well it period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had I mean uh I mean okay okay okay to get it out of the garage and having some work done start well so I mean okay okay well start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started you know okay you know you know well like was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this well uh you know um so okay report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So so uh so so I mean okay the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean I mean okay uh you know so um granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and okay uh like uh so um a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not um you know like I mean okay I mean today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our um um well I mean well well last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We I mean so well like well okay thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of you know uh uh like so uh an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean I mean um I mean well uh well from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first so well you know uh okay well topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash uh um well you know so um to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice um well um well like you know with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just you know like you know well you know so talking to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher like like um okay well okay development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip uh you know um um you know you know Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or uh well well you know uh you know the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and well uh so so you know um books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the so so well like so like wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is okay I mean okay okay um um that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording uh well uh you know I mean uh a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, you know you know um so I mean uh sometimes you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've well okay you know um like well got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as so I mean like um like I mean we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness um well uh you know um okay theological and comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know um you know like like uh so. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I you know like I mean um like um got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't have well I mean uh um um so issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for um um so uh like I mean now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll um um um like uh so figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast um you know like I mean well you know is first time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey, I mean like uh okay okay I mean you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to um you know I mean well so you know like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well you know uh well okay you know so try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the okay uh um okay um I mean gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model like so so so uh um X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a like okay okay uh you know okay financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row like I mean like okay well well podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and we're talking you know um okay you know um I mean about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's well uh um like I mean okay like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking like I mean well so I mean uh new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then like um you know uh um um you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake uh okay well like like well pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's like um so you know like um gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking um um I mean so uh uh like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand like well like okay you know well to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard uh okay um well okay okay fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but um I mean I mean okay um like what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling you like you know uh I mean um well about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for any um I mean like so well um type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or any okay so well um you know you know other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't so you know so uh okay so just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure you know you know well you know like um and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in uh um uh like um so one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast um well well like uh um I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done okay like so um so I mean. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I I mean I mean you know so uh okay don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk well so uh so uh like about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to okay well okay so I mean uh get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're like uh so um um um having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good you know um you know like so okay one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and um um um well okay you know beautiful fashion. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New like well okay well like like Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has I mean well like uh okay like a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all I mean okay um like uh I mean the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank I mean so okay okay okay okay you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do you know like well like well like a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people well uh um okay well like say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time well uh uh I mean uh uh. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by well um well um I mean you know the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it like um like I mean I mean well in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look like I mean you know uh um okay no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to uh you know like um so like make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay like like um I mean okay well to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit uh you know like like okay you know your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your you know so um well you know okay podcast for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS uh um well like um okay feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you know uh uh uh so well you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you uh okay I mean I mean I mean you know want in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to well you know uh I mean okay like get it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your um uh like um you know well anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to um you know like I mean okay uh future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor um like so so so well it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent you know so like like well well free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know uh you know um like so from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest uh like like um I mean um. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google like okay uh like well like podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from your uh I mean okay uh okay well podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one you know you know you know okay like like place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get you know you know okay you know uh uh started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you uh well so um well well and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen so well you know um like you know arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my money by uh I mean like uh I mean like flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my like um um I mean so you know best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly um um well I mean um you know who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your like like you know um um so boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee uh well you know well I mean I mean but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai. I'm like you know okay you know um um promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and me okay okay so so I mean I mean honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to our full uh you know like I mean you know well Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good answers um you know I mean like uh you know. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with I mean like I mean uh well uh us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address you know like I mean well okay I mean. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge um okay um uh so uh and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting uh you know like like uh you know down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to I mean uh um well uh you know us from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group okay I mean um uh uh like of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions you know okay um you know um so of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking so like so so okay uh sports events from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen so you know um um well well free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps well okay um well you know so the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an I mean uh I mean okay well uh image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some well like uh um okay I mean 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead um you know so you know so I mean the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even so I mean uh you know well well come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did um so okay well so uh you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is so I mean like like uh well coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to okay well okay you know uh I mean come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out so I mean like okay um okay of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast I mean um like like uh you know. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on uh so uh you know you know uh this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of well like I mean like well I mean diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I uh well well um so well have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol like okay you know so well um 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, like well I mean you know well okay so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I well well I mean you know okay I mean had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what uh well well I mean you know I mean would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we I mean you know okay like okay you know are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the okay um um like okay like Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in so okay like like well so some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I like um so you know you know well want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional you know like okay so you know like maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we like okay uh I mean well uh get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog. Hey okay um you know um okay like guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no photo like so you know uh um I mean show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard okay um well so like you know I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man. I so you know well like so uh don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No uh um like well uh I mean photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap like I mean you know well you know uh son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast. We um I mean I mean um like like wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door - yeah, you know okay so I mean well um you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg uh uh like I mean well I mean not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes like I mean well um so I mean whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of I mean okay um well so well it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions well well you know so like uh those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature so uh so okay you know like. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets you know okay well like like so it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me well you know like okay you know so today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really well I mean you know so you know well good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host so uh so so well I mean. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm so well uh so you know um also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping well you know I mean um uh like people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week like I mean I mean I mean um uh as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing so like uh so I mean um with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds you know I mean uh like um I mean like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and um like uh okay uh well find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful I mean well like like well uh life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what okay like like um I mean um clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my I mean you know uh okay uh so model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio like okay well um I mean um help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria um well I mean okay I mean well Sosa of holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring uh okay I mean okay uh so Health through the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She so well well well I mean like is an author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on uh I mean I mean like um okay helping others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame so I mean like so I mean uh. She is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my I mean uh so uh so um all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has so so you know well so well been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to well uh um okay you know like think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is like I mean you know well I mean okay the voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big you know um like okay well so fashion big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big you know uh um well you know like fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha okay um I mean uh okay you know ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's so uh well I mean so well like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why um I mean okay uh like well don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know well okay okay okay so you know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth um like okay okay like so the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? well so like like you know so Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it okay so like like you know like was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how um like okay um okay I mean you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like like like so well you know um. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm so you know so I mean okay like going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met well uh you know okay I mean um let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to so like you know you know well I mean believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that I mean I mean I mean well you know I mean kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's well uh well like like so since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in okay uh um like I mean you know a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the uh like okay um well I mean last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I okay well well well so I mean met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going like like um I mean well I mean to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion I mean uh like so you know uh. I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to you know okay well so well so do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are those like so I mean you know okay um who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are your well um uh well you know like hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo well so you know like like you know. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's um uh well well so um tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the like so you know uh okay like freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's so uh okay like you know okay episode. I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I you know okay you know well like uh will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March okay so so like okay uh the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those um um well uh okay you know shows are on the E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity um so okay so like you know. If really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast uh so uh like you know like. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's so well um uh well uh get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is so well well you know like you know actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard like so okay uh well I mean towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am like so you know uh I mean I mean joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream uh I mean I mean you know okay I mean speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it you know so like um so I mean might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am like okay uh so I mean so doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang um I mean okay uh um uh now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just well I mean I mean well uh I mean about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they like I mean um you know I mean like take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two well um uh well uh uh hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian well you know you know you know uh I mean summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same um so okay um um uh time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be you know um you know so you know you know good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and uh like um I mean um I mean like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about um like so okay so well the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious um um you know like like um subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the most fascinating well okay so um I mean you know True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips I mean uh so so like uh from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation so like okay okay I mean like method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find okay I mean like um uh I mean these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a well okay uh I mean uh so list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing like like I mean so so so cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back like well okay well okay okay with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the well um you know um okay well last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going I mean so well okay I mean you know up and up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases you know I mean so uh you know okay and over 3,000 debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with okay you know uh you know I mean like more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in I mean like uh um uh uh the US just this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of well you know so I mean so um how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point I mean well um well okay uh four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you uh like uh you know like so be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast so so like well uh okay is based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of you know um like you know well um things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them okay so well you know well okay to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career well I mean okay um so well showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, like um uh you know like um my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this um I mean I mean well okay okay episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life well I mean like so so you know. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy uh I mean uh I mean you know I mean monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX okay well so okay well so 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well you know so like okay well well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes so well I mean uh okay I mean. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you um uh like so you know well sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you uh you know well well you know uh here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the ones you know well well well like I mean and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the okay uh you know um you know so dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday like so so so I mean I mean after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with us here okay like you know uh okay so time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower well so uh well I mean you know 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is their you know you know so um okay I mean third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one like okay like you know uh okay of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned well uh I mean you know um so there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others uh I mean like um uh I mean for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred you know like so like um so and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would well uh I mean um um so grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on you know uh so uh like well death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a I mean uh uh I mean so you know longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He like like so uh so okay was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the I mean I mean so uh um uh reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore you know um so so you know okay. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even okay you know like I mean I mean uh more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've well well I mean well um well even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It you know you know okay you know well I mean right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your okay okay uh you know okay you know current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick well um okay uh I mean um or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us go like um okay so okay okay to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below I mean you know okay you know so I mean. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / so um you know okay um well Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared um um okay okay um I mean to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your so uh well well so uh forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be well so like like I mean um a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was I mean well so uh so um just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working like um well um okay okay with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out while so well you know okay uh well they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that well you know I mean uh okay like again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie like so I mean um uh um. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce um so so you know so um and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, I mean uh well I mean like you know this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh um I mean well like well uh my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to see so well well um like well and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the creative um so um so I mean uh like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk so so you know uh so okay about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields so well I mean you know you know um. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on I mean uh well well so um this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure um you know well uh I mean I mean to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk like uh you know um uh so about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars um so like well well well per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since you know you know like like so so 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat okay okay you know I mean so you know his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record you know uh so okay um uh high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now um uh okay uh okay well. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites uh uh you know okay so uh in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a I mean so like well like so lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience well like like well um like of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go so so um okay so like along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business um uh like um like well mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I okay you know you know so okay uh began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to so like uh okay so I mean do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so you know um like like okay I mean much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As you know so well okay uh um always. My name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't you know you know um okay um well say the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests so like well uh okay you know on you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah you know I mean like well so like. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true um I mean uh uh I mean I mean. We don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering um okay I mean like you know you know when the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I you know uh okay like you know I mean thought it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great I mean okay like um I mean uh show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today well you know okay um uh well. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's you know um okay well okay you know great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two okay okay so uh well uh episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four um you know okay I mean okay okay dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and uh you know like you know you know like was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to you know um okay well okay you know the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy well uh you know okay um like ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or um okay I mean you know um uh this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart uh well well okay okay um for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever okay like uh okay I mean um had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? okay um like you know okay um We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its well um you know uh well so heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from I mean uh so like um um history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way um well uh uh like I mean to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist okay you know you know well so like who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists like so I mean uh I mean like name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew uh I mean um you know okay okay up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that like like so okay um uh taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be a okay well well uh so you know And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is I mean uh okay well you know well our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires um so um you know uh okay you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is okay so uh um I mean um moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I I mean okay you know uh so well am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is well uh um okay um like 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow like okay well I mean well okay. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This like well well well so I mean sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord showed well well well um so um up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio uh okay you know well like so podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community okay so you know like uh well of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for us to uh you know uh you know okay um talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series um like like uh you know um is talk about it. Most of these uploads are originally stream live on um well okay you know well okay our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those as they happen live, well um like um I mean you know please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general well I mean um well like well to learn more about our club what we do and how you can become a so you know I mean so so you know member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I um you know okay I mean you know okay wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest I mean well you know I mean so so way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually so I mean well like um so having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software uh okay I mean well like uh to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host okay like well like uh I mean the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while like well uh you know well so also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything uh I mean like you know so I mean we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet I mean um I mean you know okay um or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money um okay like well okay well with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be you know so um I mean um like serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know I mean you know well so well um that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it uh okay you know like I mean so easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in okay well uh okay like like one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you you know like um like you know you know can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools like okay so I mean uh well to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping you know uh so um like so. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the you know uh okay you know um uh dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast like I mean so um I mean so and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your well okay okay um you know you know podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that uh so uh okay okay well FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond um um uh uh uh um farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has so I mean so like um I mean in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I I mean uh like uh um okay mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't uh you know well uh okay so particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards uh like I mean well like I mean between Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler so um I mean so like well Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're um well you know well I mean uh going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I you know so um you know like okay thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I okay so uh well like um felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development you know well so so like so goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to um uh um uh so like take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast so okay okay like I mean so. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually uh okay like you know I mean um build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 okay like um like well I mean years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually so so you know uh uh uh plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for object you know um so well well so data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek okay like I mean you know um well is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This okay well well so okay like is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our um so I mean I mean I mean like show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in um okay so um I mean okay a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been I mean I mean um uh well okay had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow and uh uh well okay um okay I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really uh well so so like um high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two years, uh so so um so I mean I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than like I mean um okay okay you know I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so uh well so um uh so aligned and the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and so okay like okay um you know it was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have um I mean uh okay well like ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in uh uh well okay um okay a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you done so you know I mean uh so um fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation. You know, I'm saying uh uh like okay well I mean the only moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve each other to you know okay so uh you know you know get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like we're uh so well um uh so you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know so uh uh like um um was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because we you know so I mean uh I mean I mean just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you I mean so like well you know well know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a uh uh I mean well okay well bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm so okay uh well um like your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT you know um I mean okay okay well Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so okay you know so I mean like uh that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We like well so like well well have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power well uh okay okay I mean so suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week um so you know like I mean you know. Have you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I so so like okay okay okay think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit okay you know um you know you know um and a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is so uh I mean you know well you know dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel um you know uh okay well like Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you so well okay uh I mean you know are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting okay uh I mean like okay okay me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here like so like you know okay okay again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big okay like well uh so I mean before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode well okay uh you know I mean okay of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you okay well um you know so okay guys today. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually okay okay I mean okay um you know going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule well um um so uh like. Brian is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So so like I mean I mean so so we're going to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of you know I mean I mean like okay well people consider this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers uh well you know uh I mean um home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what so so like I mean I mean you know happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at like I mean uh you know I mean like the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is uh you know uh well um so what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk like like like I mean well uh about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is um um like like you know uh a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can okay well well like uh like use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and edit well okay so well like you know and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as okay I mean okay like uh so my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on another like you know I mean I mean so um application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be heard everywhere so um okay um like well Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy money for your you know um like okay well um podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required um I mean well like so well download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's so um uh like okay well broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would you know I mean so uh I mean um be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime um okay well you know I mean I mean. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a um like okay um um okay husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling I mean so uh um okay well 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her so you know you know you know okay I mean forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked I mean uh uh uh so okay up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a you know you know you know you know so um bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen um uh so um I mean okay Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to okay okay you know uh well well deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing okay like well uh like I mean show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles all the well I mean so um okay like way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about a courageous woman from you know you know um I mean uh I mean a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's so you know I mean you know okay you know a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo were the first people to okay like you know like so um live on that island and tricking Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing so I mean I mean so um okay to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars okay I mean so um you know uh in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a leader and love living on well uh well so okay I mean the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on uh you know so okay okay like. Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our um well uh so so like Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited so well you know um you know uh. I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able well so okay you know so so to combine everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat okay okay um um I mean I mean in May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is you know uh like um you know um he going to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there I mean okay you know so so um with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have okay I mean like you know okay so Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because okay like okay you know like I mean schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city like okay okay I mean I mean I mean cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and I mean so um like you know well Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's I mean um like um like so so I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone well like I mean uh um okay can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a like um you know well okay uh little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We I mean like well I mean I mean like use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many well like like you know um so different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right so well okay well um you know from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download I mean you know like like like well the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master I mean uh well like so um jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code I mean so um like like I mean. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the I mean uh uh um like well pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our okay I mean like uh okay um skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office I mean so like okay um like is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has uh well well so so I mean to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's so uh you know uh I mean so part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in I mean I mean you know you know well so the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write uh like you know well okay well. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it like I mean well uh well so and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My you know I mean well uh well like audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around well like I mean um okay okay in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I like so you know uh I mean like cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I so um um okay like uh hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a well um you know okay I mean I mean lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your I mean well um um so I mean host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt well well I mean um okay I mean and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of you know well um um okay well Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't well um I mean I mean so well complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come so so like okay uh you know back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the so well well uh so like goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let so I mean like well um well me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out so so well so um uh as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were so uh uh okay okay like just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and um I mean um like like you know stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you uh uh you know so I mean uh follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or um I mean uh like I mean okay if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can so okay okay like uh okay listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever so well okay so like okay you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you you know like so okay like okay haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for you know I mean you know uh so uh D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head uh you know well okay well like of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a you know like like well uh you know regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had uh you know well so okay well some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of okay well like well um well which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for you know well you know okay I mean so the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from okay well so you know uh so like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and like well okay you know you know okay my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a so okay I mean um so like few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds uh I mean well I mean I mean I mean of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise you know okay well I mean well uh is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you um uh like like I mean I mean let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination I mean so like so I mean you know. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic so like uh I mean um uh display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that okay um okay so well okay takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about I mean you know like well well so a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week you know like you know I mean okay uh and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not um like so well so so posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance you know you know so well uh uh and it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts you know um okay uh well um. I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And um you know um I mean uh you know so there are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make okay uh you know I mean I mean I mean it. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want uh well well okay well um you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout well okay well you know um well that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of well well well I mean so uh in the first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve okay you know you know um like okay a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um well so okay I mean well podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to so so okay um like uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your like so well I mean um okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and okay well uh you know you know uh many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's well well um uh you know okay everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app you know um you know you know so you know. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of so well like like uh okay 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another um okay I mean you know so you know edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century BCE so like well okay uh I mean. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all time vanish okay like um so um well from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to hear more like um well so well like Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear so I mean um you know I mean I mean episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy uh okay I mean uh well you know theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts like you know so um uh okay. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory um um okay so you know okay the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing so you know well like I mean I mean we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think hey, you know uh uh so you know so why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with Jim uh you know well okay well you know. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be you know like um well uh I mean talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk well um so you know um so has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really well so so okay like like popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's I mean so well like uh so given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of like I mean so like like so those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, uh well um you know well uh so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song so I mean uh okay uh like Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast so well you know well like like dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This well like so um okay you know is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible like well you know okay like uh and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with I mean so you know uh I mean um the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that okay you know you know uh well um were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover I mean okay okay so well well recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I like like I mean so so so then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples uh like well uh I mean so the basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how you know you know like okay so I mean to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a okay uh so like so okay lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of well like I mean um like like courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially I mean so like like well well planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section so okay so like like well of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our uh um you know well so like app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal you know like uh you know um okay development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and well so I mean well you know okay get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom so like well you know okay well. App and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our so well well I mean well like content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex I mean you know so um like um Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a you know uh I mean uh I mean so Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go uh uh uh you know you know you know all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the like so I mean so well uh quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over okay well um um uh okay a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six um um I mean so well like feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the well you know well okay uh well porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw you know okay I mean I mean okay you know Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost I mean okay so well you know okay that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around I mean like well I mean like uh the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to his uh uh well so well um surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was like I mean uh you know like um obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream like okay okay so um okay around the corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It um so okay I mean um uh came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura um um um like okay um and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and so like okay um so you know Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble uh you know I mean well like well in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was um like I mean so well like like a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, so so I mean well um uh you know something if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount I mean I mean uh you know um you know Olympus and it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas well so you know like okay uh of the day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then you know um so well like um we just fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in um I mean um so well okay their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a um uh um um so okay lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's you know uh uh like well well just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are like like I mean like I mean so some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually like you know okay you know well you know Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we like so I mean uh I mean um are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to uh like so um so so sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such like so okay um I mean like a high intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast well um like well I mean uh. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember I mean okay so you know well okay if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send okay like okay so I mean you know us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks you know um I mean well okay you know. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went like well okay um um you know down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went okay you know so you know well you know into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell okay I mean you know uh I mean like you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me you know so okay uh you know so explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh I mean so you know uh like right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no okay I mean um um so you know minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be so okay you know okay like uh heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast uh I mean um I mean um um in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest um like okay um I mean well here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name is well um I mean like um I mean Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances so so you know like uh uh with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could so okay um like um so but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally so well you know so you know I mean say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just you know well okay like um okay For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen like uh um well like well to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American um so so well you know well Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? okay okay you know um well like Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And like like um well I mean you know I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo uh uh you know I mean so um cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers okay okay like well you know uh and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good so I mean so well so well show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the I mean like so like you know so week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht um well uh I mean okay uh Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to like you know um well well I mean Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I okay so like you know I mean so also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High so so I mean you know you know uh cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the so uh okay okay so well horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other well like um like you know I mean reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the I mean you know uh you know uh uh Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make well you know uh uh you know I mean fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, well well okay like well like exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop well like like so I mean um on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay you know like like you know well me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you okay like you know like you know like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor so well you know like like uh will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple so I mean okay I mean uh so podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership um I mean okay like well uh. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free okay so um like I mean so anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to okay okay uh uh well like the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a uh like um okay um uh full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch I mean so okay well I mean okay. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really okay uh like okay I mean like excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this well well um I mean so well week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming you know okay like well I mean you know up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week one so well uh well uh uh week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that uh like um okay well uh. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, you know uh uh like like okay I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just you know um okay like you know so have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a like uh uh I mean well okay class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've okay okay well okay you know you know finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had okay so uh I mean like uh like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was so um well so like okay like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest uh I mean um uh okay well classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of the so okay I mean so okay uh way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly so you know like you know well okay about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and um okay uh so uh okay one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and you know okay you know so I mean I mean that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a um like I mean I mean so like little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you know well okay I mean you know okay never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on um like um okay well um Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and well I mean well you know um I mean whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but like like well um I mean um this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the okay uh um I mean you know you know Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the okay well well like you know you know you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you um so um you know like okay never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into okay I mean uh like I mean well today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice so so so you know like so to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, you know like you know so so you know what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So uh uh like so well uh I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we I mean so like I mean like I mean haven't talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't uh uh uh so well okay hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people uh you know uh uh I mean well. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we you know like well uh like so say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece you know I mean like you know I mean uh. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah like well uh um uh well. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV I mean okay um so um like talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after uh okay uh I mean um so show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad well um okay like so okay Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one. I'm you know okay well I mean so I mean so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do this out you know you know okay you know like I mean do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love. I have um um I mean well uh like Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could well um okay you know um uh trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school. So like I'm like you know okay so okay like the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your news and well so you know so so uh your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like um uh like well so like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for like so so I mean you know so months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a like um like I mean like like podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record okay I mean I mean you know you know well edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer you know okay so well well um. It will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify okay so um so um um apple and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum like so like uh uh well listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one so so um so like well place. So here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor you know um okay um I mean I mean app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor well like I mean I mean uh okay dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello like well okay you know you know you know everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our well so well uh like uh first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school one um so uh like like okay from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of my mother's well well like you know uh well favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw in okay like well um you know you know the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was okay uh um you know um well about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But like so I mean um I mean okay I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as well I mean uh well you know uh I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just okay like well so okay uh Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of so I mean you know I mean like okay our time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm uh so I mean so I mean I mean going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's like well um so uh well grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've um um you know you know so so not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman okay I mean um um um okay that was in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted okay you know so you know so like to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I uh so um I mean you know uh know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman you know uh you know well well um that we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and you know I mean you know well so um the Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind I mean well you know so I mean I mean of join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's uh um so uh so well exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating like like like I mean like okay episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow um well I mean um um so scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this uh so well okay so I mean follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around um I mean you know um um uh a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented um okay you know uh well like some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not you know like um I mean um you know best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what um um you know so okay okay I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking like you know okay well I mean uh about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was like well um like like well telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't so um um so okay so it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as uh so I mean like well uh much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or like uh well I mean uh uh every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you okay um uh you know so you know are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am so okay so I mean um okay spaghetti. Yes on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on you know I mean you know okay well uh his sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that okay you know you know I mean well uh I've got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It well you know uh uh I mean uh doesn't really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello uh I mean so um so so. Welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why um well uh well okay like do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing like I mean okay uh okay okay on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles well uh you know uh like well around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic uh uh like well you know okay woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, okay okay like uh you know so her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in like okay okay um so I mean England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she you know like I mean I mean I mean you know was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she well you know you know like um um was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher so I mean uh so uh uh rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues well okay okay uh okay so or try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of okay you know well like like uh that going on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the well like like okay okay you know inspiration behind this podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal well um uh so I mean so stories that being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's um I mean okay so I mean you know quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to like I mean you know like you know uh continue to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as well well okay um uh like a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out like uh like I mean okay uh when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights uh um you know um well okay reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand um well I mean so um uh. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and uh okay so I mean uh well loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a like like uh you know uh well lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away no well like I mean I mean well so first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at you know you know like um well uh home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So yeah okay I mean like I mean well I mean. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead studying physical like so like okay okay um geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you um you know okay you know uh well wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences like so well so uh uh. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff uh um I mean you know uh you know podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this you know I mean you know so well uh really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give I mean I mean um okay like I mean away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like you know so okay uh I mean uh don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a well okay well I mean okay well couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and uh um well uh um like then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got um okay you know uh okay uh to do go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the well so well so you know so top of the page and just tell us why you want to try it so um well uh you know you know out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe I mean um uh uh like uh try to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're you know okay so you know uh um just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with um uh I mean um um you know. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I I mean like so well um you know love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope like okay you know you know I mean okay is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to like uh like you know you know um drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to so you know you know um well um sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want to so so well um so like encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction like okay uh uh like like of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a well I mean I mean okay um okay podcast. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record okay uh you know I mean okay so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your okay um um um um um podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many you know you know well you know um I mean more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything um like um well well so you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that uh so so uh I mean like day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending you know okay uh uh so like messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the well you know well okay well like series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted like uh um um okay so to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but like um well uh well you know most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should like um uh like like um talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why well so okay you know um well not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that I mean you know like okay like you know made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school you know so okay uh I mean um. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive so you know you know like so well in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams well like uh like well I mean 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of well like well you know you know you know relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning so well you know okay um well so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is like you know okay um well I mean the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little I mean uh well uh uh well shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello well I mean you know um you know okay. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I you know um well you know well okay have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen like you know like um um like. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, I mean okay I mean I mean so um Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever um well like you know um like. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get so like you know um like so a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back to um I mean I mean well well you know the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff I mean okay like so so um today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost uh okay well uh like well consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not real episode, but uh I mean well well uh so kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going to talk okay uh okay okay you know you know about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and so okay okay uh like like that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and like um you know I mean you know I mean I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's like you know uh I mean um okay a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll uh uh okay you know so uh break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one so uh so okay okay you know more thing about what we came up with what we what we have found to be so uh well okay I mean um true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the well uh I mean I mean well you know anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to I mean uh well uh you know you know make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast well so uh well you know well. We use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free um I mean like um okay um. That's correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast you know so um um you know like. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right so I mean so well okay I mean from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay you know okay I mean um um. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify I mean uh like I mean okay like Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your um okay like well okay well podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor um well um well I mean uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read um well like so um so and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on like so so I mean okay uh your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student so well you know uh well you know of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person uh um so so like so. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to you know well um I mean I mean I mean grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will like you know um well okay so be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a okay like well so uh like heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's you know um you know you know um so the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're okay um um well um like right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it you know okay okay like you know you know live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This you know okay like you know well well may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna okay so okay um um like go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - uh so I mean I mean okay you know oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of you know you know well like well like the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up like like okay okay so um. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I okay I mean uh I mean so um ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring well um so uh you know like spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted uh okay you know like okay like by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome so I mean well okay well um back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a um like so well okay well lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a so okay so uh so you know tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a well like you know um well I mean shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same uh so uh okay I mean you know team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of the I mean okay I mean you know you know well season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want to see against Brisbane okay I mean you know okay like um in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers the um I mean so I mean I mean like crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the blue bag like so like um I mean okay is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How okay like you know well like so are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you I mean like um I mean okay uh apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked. I so so uh um you know uh actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is okay you know like well so well the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr I mean uh well well like you know co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? you know you know um um I mean like All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over like like I mean uh well well the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good uh well you know well okay I mean moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay so well like like um you know. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you okay you know um well like so know kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for I mean you know you know like well um who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this uh so well um you know um and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just I mean um you know like I mean okay want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what well okay uh um so I mean I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what okay uh you know like uh like links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing I so uh so like okay um love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor you know well like you know you know um app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In um um um well um so this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I okay uh so I mean uh well am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time you know like um you know uh well. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the so okay uh I mean like I mean supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share uh like so well like like a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmailcom uh you know you know you know you know um. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections okay so like so okay um. We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is you know uh um you know I mean well a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro and well uh you know okay um like phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 um you know um I mean um well to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be you know well well uh so I mean riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a stirring uh like so okay okay you know for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably the best okay uh uh I mean well um form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two you know well you know I mean okay uh wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive like I mean okay um okay well indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone okay okay okay I mean uh you know without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum okay like I mean uh so okay bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We um you know you know so I mean so got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi um okay okay I mean well you know strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has so well like you know well like ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is uh I mean I mean um like I mean gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win okay you know I mean like like like it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're um well you know you know uh like going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season uh um like I mean well so coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, well I mean um like um well so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose uh well um well okay okay had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new like I mean uh I mean I mean okay polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now well so so well uh so today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night so um you know like like um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side um I mean uh I mean I mean like and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every um well like okay like well day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking uh well so like well you know about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born you know well I mean I mean um um in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of like okay uh okay uh okay strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change like you know um okay uh well. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going like I mean so so I mean I mean to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of um you know so like uh um the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to so well like I mean so I mean the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it okay okay so I mean um you know to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz like uh okay well um okay right now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, uh well well um okay okay you know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back well I mean well okay so I mean to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a you know like you know okay I mean well bunch of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got uh okay well you know well like all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know uh well I mean um like so what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia uh you know so okay well uh class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them you know um well um well so. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with you know like I mean well well okay the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar uh like like I mean um well at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with um okay well I mean so you know us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to like like you know so um okay preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in our I mean like um well uh okay normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but bear with us uh like you know um like okay and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast I mean like so like so uh. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track office you know well okay um you know okay not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first we're so like I mean uh uh like podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a you know okay you know like um like half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a uh like okay like okay uh little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We you know you know you know um I mean you know had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a you know like you know like um like fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number one problem and so well uh uh I mean like really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current objects uh so well so I mean like of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for the well you know well so so you know radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to practice well you know like I mean well well safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the well uh so like um okay watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these so I mean so uh uh like objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down so like so um like you know the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back uh well okay I mean you know like to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with I mean well so you know you know so the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports so you know uh you know like like events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness uh um okay okay uh well special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym you know so like like um you know on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag like like I mean um like okay his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about you know so so you know like well the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity you know um I mean like um you know movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where to uh okay so um I mean um look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for you is I mean so uh well well you know when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter okay well uh you know um I mean extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced I mean well so you know like you know to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little well okay well uh like well kid. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach okay so okay I mean like um any type of throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do okay uh uh you know so like is probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today like so you know okay you know like in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an uh uh so uh okay um Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards well so so so you know like and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and there so I mean well I mean well you know is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings characters I mean well I mean well I mean um to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you gonna sit like um okay I mean like okay back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to I mean um okay well well well get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything that so okay like well okay you know you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get like well well so well um you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this uh well okay I mean uh uh so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your okay um uh uh you know so everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back so you know um so like like with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it so so you know uh I mean I mean. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, uh I mean um so I mean like please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining so um um like I mean okay today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you you know I mean uh so you know uh choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be okay okay uh I mean uh so able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something um like so like uh like I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very like well so well well so first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for okay like uh well I mean so a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over so um okay uh um okay a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking I mean um I mean um okay um wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered well I mean okay um um um by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have got uh you know well okay so like in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate club so um like you know uh well. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It would name dropped well well I mean I mean okay um in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we have and I've been up I mean you know you know uh uh um to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like you know well well um well so about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying I mean okay like uh so like to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode um okay I mean so uh like set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person and uh so well okay you know um that I feel like our audio is always a little off and you guys have you know uh like so uh so probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have to get okay like so okay like well two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma like um I mean um um okay and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast like um well you know okay um where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me and Miss thing you know I mean okay uh like well at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that um you know okay so I mean I mean it's not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo you know I mean uh um you know I mean go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing you know so um I mean okay well garage. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy okay well I mean okay well um as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's okay well so I mean well um cold or is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay okay you know well you know well um. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees like you know so um uh you know. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children well like well so you know um and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create you know you know I mean like uh okay peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer well I mean okay I mean um so and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn okay okay I mean I mean um okay Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & well um so well uh okay 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information so well you know so um um for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have so well I mean okay um um a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from uh uh so um well uh. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading like well um okay I mean so a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all well okay um um so okay over the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston I mean you know uh uh you know well and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine so I mean you know you know I mean you know artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host you know I mean you know you know so like from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our you know well I mean I mean uh uh conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young well I mean okay like so okay. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who okay you know um okay you know you know he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a you know well I mean okay okay so horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger the uh you know uh like uh so icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and okay you know like well you know um welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this week. We are okay okay I mean okay well you know talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are you just desperate? How well so well you know um well was your day? My day was very boring. How was yours? I was also very boring okay I mean well you know um so but for very I assume very different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty okay you know so uh I mean so today. Not sure how much I can talk about but I will say that you know like I mean well you know well it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat you know I mean um I mean like um texting and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a well like okay um like I mean lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some uh um I mean uh like uh of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few I mean like uh I mean so like minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about like well like I mean you know like first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age um so um well like so of 25 and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it I mean I mean uh you know uh like for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try to uh like so um I mean okay help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life like um so like well well a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and shit from okay I mean like you know so okay dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on you know like okay well like I mean YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson uh well um okay um um joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look like I mean uh you know I mean like who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? you know like uh well you know okay Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We okay you know you know well uh you know normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin well okay uh you know uh like Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as well so um you know okay uh users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin okay you know you know um okay well Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of you know okay okay like okay um changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's so um so well like uh Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just you know well okay you know okay um want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today you know uh I mean so you know okay is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's you know well um well well um why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting off because like uh you know so so like our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast I mean I mean uh like like so. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? um you know you know like well I mean Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend I mean so so I mean I mean um. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a so I mean well um I mean you know whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you you know okay I mean um uh okay guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium um so you know you know uh I mean page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living well uh like like so um organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll well like um I mean so you know talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving okay um well I mean like you know and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living uh you know so like you know I mean organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here so so so well you know um to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for Madden you know okay um you know like well 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees um like I mean like uh so on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game I mean uh uh uh uh well the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the well um like you know you know you know game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you so like like you know uh like play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to like well um so so well be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well like well okay I mean I mean I mean quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang well so uh okay I mean so today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the okay so you know you know you know okay fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in uh um um like uh I mean the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the so um um so um like virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way on economic you know you know okay you know um you know activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier like okay I mean well uh so than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being well like so okay okay like cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains well so like you know I mean okay is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of like uh you know okay you know I mean Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses like like uh like you know um look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today I mean you know okay like uh well. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the um well so like well um do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my like um uh I mean you know so Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in I mean well uh okay like so the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their I mean uh so uh so well sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of you know um um so um um blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord okay um well uh I mean so is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines um well okay like well well are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage well like okay like well I mean. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner. Saskia well uh well well so I mean Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match uh okay like okay so like. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay okay you know uh uh I mean okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got so so you know okay I mean you know the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden um uh uh you know well um. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to I mean like I mean I mean um um be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody you know I mean uh I mean you know well to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way so I mean uh like you know um to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's like uh like I mean you know well your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a okay well um so I mean uh person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic like like like you know you know so event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the well okay well uh you know okay biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two I mean like well I mean well so mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, okay um um well okay you know but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to uh I mean well like um um it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get I mean like uh so okay okay out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing um well like I mean I mean I mean this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick like you know uh like uh uh shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my uh like like um um well podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast so you know I mean I mean like uh you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground um okay um like so I mean. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do okay um I mean you know well like I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the um uh um well uh okay apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from um I mean I mean um okay I mean my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple I mean like like um you know you know anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and I mean um like I mean um so distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's you know so I mean okay I mean uh the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and uh so you know you know okay well there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast uh okay so um uh well from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple you know okay okay well like like and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make um um you know you know well so money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You I mean well you know um so like gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need um like so okay okay I mean to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App okay okay okay you know I mean I mean Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo okay uh I mean well uh you know yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast well like so you know so uh Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing well well um so like um man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little well okay um so you know so idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor like um okay I mean uh well dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different okay so okay um well so platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone you know okay uh you know well okay or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor well so like I mean uh uh app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in you know so well okay well okay doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your um okay um well you know so jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final you know uh so okay you know um cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to so so I mean I mean um uh be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy I mean I mean you know so uh so stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy I mean um um um uh uh levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome like you know I mean well okay well to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual well uh you know I mean well so Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in um like uh okay you know well our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's so you know like uh you know you know that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp um you know okay uh well I mean unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man uh I mean well uh so so who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all like okay okay so I mean like about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me uh okay well like um okay and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you um uh um uh well so two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all I mean so you know okay like okay begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I um I mean I mean uh I mean well mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say so okay okay like like uh your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like well like so uh so um Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know I mean like okay like uh okay Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that okay so I mean I mean well so because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber okay you know like okay uh I mean joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick I mean I mean you know so like I mean and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick you know like well I mean I mean like and trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right um I mean I mean okay uh well way. I'm headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad okay like I mean you know uh like you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend okay well like you know like so or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, I mean well well okay okay um you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know okay um uh like well um they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the like like well well uh well episode make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm so like you know you know um um doing a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are you know well so um uh um doing very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this um um okay uh I mean uh stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all I mean you know so well you know I mean about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, okay okay like well uh uh it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just uh um so um I mean uh dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with I mean so you know well so I mean it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean um well um uh um right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome like like I mean okay okay okay. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you so well so like okay um post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I mean I mean okay uh uh um I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't well I mean like I mean uh uh have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to um like okay so so uh make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with okay uh okay I mean I mean uh no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making okay you know okay um okay I mean money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need um I mean like I mean so like to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast um I mean you know well you know okay. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record so like well like like okay and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for like okay you know you know okay so you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you okay okay like okay uh so can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you okay like okay like you know I mean need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three okay you know so like so uh of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two uh like so I mean you know I mean parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she uh well so uh okay um loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl uh well you know like well um ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but okay uh so I mean well I mean within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with I mean okay okay so I mean so her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away I mean okay so uh I mean so. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining so okay I mean okay I mean well to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more okay you know uh uh okay okay masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this uh so well okay you know you know is such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually okay I mean um so I mean so control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in well so well you know you know I mean control of what they would like and as a man this is important to your okay like like uh you know I mean success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want um uh you know okay you know uh to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in uh I mean well uh you know well general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal well like like so um so. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot uh so I mean okay I mean okay sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do like okay so so I mean um very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain um well you know well okay uh so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes like I mean okay so um you know to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring so I mean so I mean you know okay this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout I mean well okay like well I mean fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely to you know I mean well okay uh so be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had our first High-profile so well I mean so uh you know guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our amazing writer, but I mean you know I mean so uh you know our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we you know um um so um um Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first we caught our first okay um like like so I mean big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and uh well you know you know so I mean if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys so okay you know okay you know you know want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So you know like well okay I mean like myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we okay well well you know uh well got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, okay uh well you know you know uh so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you uh like okay um you know uh there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably uh uh like okay um so die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a like okay so you know um so man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested uh uh I mean okay so okay this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old um so like you know I mean okay in prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee well um so well you know I mean hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning you know you know well you know um you know cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of you know uh I mean um like so his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here so uh so okay um um at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do um um um okay um um something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random well like I mean uh um so teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have written okay um I mean so like okay. I'm going to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM okay I mean well uh so I mean impromptu, they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm um okay so you know uh I mean sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have you know I mean uh well okay I mean another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two you know okay so well well you know Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share uh well well uh I mean I mean with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this okay like okay well okay so weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom like you know uh you know I mean like from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy um well uh well so well at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through so so you know um so well this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film was so I mean you know well um um 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they you know like I mean uh I mean so voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for uh well okay you know okay you know some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay well okay you know um okay me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh so like I mean I mean well podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it like um well you know so I mean can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your like okay I mean like so um podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place well I mean I mean uh um okay download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started so um uh so um okay. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It I mean I mean okay you know so so seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I you know you know you know I mean you know um wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, okay like I mean I mean okay well we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their you know you know well okay you know you know classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny um like um um well um is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save okay like well okay well okay this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and well I mean well you know I mean okay professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow um you know I mean um well um him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's I mean you know well I mean okay um with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with um so uh I mean um so this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the well like you know I mean okay you know jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's well uh um like well okay happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we so uh okay so you know so in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a uh well um so well um while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually uh like um um well so. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need I mean I mean you know so I mean uh to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We uh like I mean like like um do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can um okay um like um I mean only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you so I mean um uh like um can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight you know you know uh like like well. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman you know you know I mean well so I mean. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our like well um you know I mean uh haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban you know um like okay so um legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of uh uh um uh so okay this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide um okay um okay okay I mean and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe like uh okay uh um like in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And uh so so like you know well this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in okay well uh okay okay um the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities uh okay um like um uh as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I like well well well um well thought it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills um um um like uh I mean aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on um I mean well I mean like okay the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking okay um um I mean uh you know to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you okay um uh okay well okay very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 I mean um you know well um uh are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be you know okay uh um okay um about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking like uh well well um you know dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure like like like um uh you know about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck like um um I mean um so I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It like um um uh uh you know was only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like okay you know uh so you know um to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I like um I mean well so um could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry you know uh well okay okay well for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the okay you know uh I mean you know well top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 when um okay like I mean you know so players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off gambling so so like so like well debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from history um I mean I mean well well well tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify you know okay well uh you know I mean. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer I mean uh uh you know okay I mean sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed okay um um like like like the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as like okay like I mean well so they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your okay so um um I mean uh host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical okay you know um um you know so Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I okay okay well um um like love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us you know well okay you know like okay each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques okay I mean so I mean like um for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective uh I mean um well you know uh therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome okay uh so well uh okay their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live I mean like uh well okay I mean a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks I mean uh so um so you know to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards uh um okay well okay I mean areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth I mean you know so well you know um for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to okay so okay okay like um take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you so uh I mean well I mean I mean know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy yesterday so so like I mean uh um for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why do well I mean like like like like you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, like well okay so well well uh resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you not believe uh I mean um I mean like uh in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is well you know like okay like I mean the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I well you know um um uh um first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app um like you know um like okay you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool you know I mean so okay so so that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor I mean you know so you know you know so will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be like so well so you know I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute I mean you know so like I mean like it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first so you know like I mean like I mean episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's well okay well um you know well everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you like well so so okay um guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea well uh well I mean I mean so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get um okay um well like you know started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch um uh uh um like you know work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on like so well um you know um Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie I mean okay like so so so Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all you know well you know you know I mean um it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me okay I mean I mean uh so like of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, I mean uh well uh um like first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've I mean um um okay okay okay got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today okay so well you know like uh and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to so uh you know um well I mean it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to okay okay um I mean you know I mean give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I uh okay like like well I mean wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of so you know so like well you know things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper uh I mean like I mean okay I mean Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, um I mean you know well um okay we are actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a well you know uh you know okay well mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is you know you know um well well so really one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be I mean okay I mean like um you know better off if they made a book at least once in their so so like uh uh you know life, right Holly. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep like well like uh you know well making those books. We need more books in the world. All our books are you know you know so well I mean uh disappearing and it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with I mean um um you know like um everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me so okay uh okay well I mean explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not like well like um okay well sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money like you know so um uh like to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, well uh uh you know you know well you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your pocket, which was okay um so uh uh well a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's creation tools that you know okay well okay okay you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so okay like well I mean so computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can um well um okay uh um be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make like okay uh uh I mean okay money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other um so uh um okay uh podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place okay so okay I mean I mean um download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked I mean well uh um uh like to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our I mean so uh okay well you know Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted to okay so you know like okay uh host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks you know okay okay um like you know for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a I mean well like okay well uh compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life you know well um so well um. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important well you know like um uh well to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about I mean you know okay so well I mean Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about well so like so like well talking to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love uh I mean uh um I mean you know Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how well uh okay so like you know much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal so you know um so like uh life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many well I mean okay uh um so questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is I mean um uh uh okay okay our time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here okay so so like you know I mean we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We uh you know so so like uh talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but so uh so um okay so it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I so I mean um I mean uh like promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor you know I mean I mean uh well so five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson so you know okay okay uh you know by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please so like um uh so you know. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello so so you know um I mean okay boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some well you know you know so um you know cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and there okay uh I mean like well um are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to tell so okay well okay you know okay you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is um I mean like well uh I mean Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest um uh well so you know like on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things RSL you know I mean you know you know uh like about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? I mean uh uh like well I mean Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should okay well you know uh okay so say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I I mean I mean like you know I mean I mean began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to uh you know like well um like do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that so well uh so I mean um until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's uh you know well like well well so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago and like uh I mean um I mean you know you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't okay okay well okay well okay you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release I mean okay I mean so okay I mean for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget um like so um well you know the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I I mean okay well like I mean like just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like um well you know um okay uh when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the okay you know so like I mean so laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the um okay like um uh well music as many times as possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken so uh like I mean um you know all the work out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop like uh so so okay like up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you know like I mean uh um okay you don't know what that's going to be or when it will be but it just you know um okay well okay you know happens after you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then like um uh so I mean you know go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you you know um you know um so you know teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or okay okay okay like like uh little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related I mean like okay uh you know okay to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our bodies uh so so uh well like and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in well uh okay well well you know hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s okay well like uh I mean uh how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both farmers well you know uh so well like and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell you know um well um um uh Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier I mean like so well like I mean and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri like okay um you know okay like Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a uh you know um you know so I mean little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts like uh like um well I mean. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that um well okay um um like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your uh I mean okay like so you know computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple well well um um I mean um podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You well I mean um okay I mean um don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need you know okay well uh well I mean to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and accessible you know um uh uh you know uh and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to you know okay so I mean like like get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest way to get your feet uh I mean um um so well wet and jump into creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm I mean you know um you know I mean I mean going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next like like so okay so um 30 minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick I mean um like like so you know Hughes. Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for I mean um okay well okay well the next few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes like you know uh okay you know you know of motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some um well you know so I mean uh teaching from the word of God that will help you verify and identify the like I mean well I mean you know like plan of God for your life if you'd like to know that and if uh I mean well I mean so so you want to orient and just to the plan then you can do so you uh so okay uh okay well have freedom and privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two um um um okay um well ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay um um I mean well well me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and you know okay like like okay like edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for uh well like you know I mean well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so like well um well um more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you well so I mean um um okay need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or like I mean well okay I mean okay good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth you know you know so um uh like talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth like uh like uh okay well means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth you know okay you know uh like well is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about uh you know like so so um establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name like uh so you know um you know is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we you know well um like uh okay hear talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I like like like okay like so am not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys okay uh you know like uh well educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here um uh okay so okay um on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? so I mean so I mean okay okay I when I when we grew up so we should just hang around and you know well you know um okay um okay oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback uh um okay okay you know you know and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids I mean I mean well like um so. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori um uh uh uh okay you know. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real you know uh I mean well you know you know stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at uh uh uh well you know uh st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes like so like like okay well. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude uh like well um I mean uh. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special uh uh you know uh like uh episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a so you know okay well well well week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for um I mean well like like okay sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition uh I mean you know well so like of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have I mean I mean uh you know well so a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to okay uh well okay uh you know do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on um um well um so well a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know okay you know well I mean you know uh remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles okay okay okay okay well so and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin like you know uh I mean okay so Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with okay um uh like um well easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to um like like okay you know well create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to you know I mean uh um okay uh this episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest like I mean okay like okay you know today is Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and I mean you know um okay you know okay she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode like um um so like uh. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of uh I mean so um like like forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well is uh you know um well well well a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's everybody well um okay well okay well going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop you know um um like you know so doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, uh you know so okay okay you know guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what I mean you know well well you know um would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because okay like well uh so so I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean well so so so um like on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So okay I mean you know okay so so that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having well you know so I mean you know so a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians well like um um well I mean for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a I mean you know okay I mean you know um professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our so uh I mean you know so like career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment well like uh so I mean so room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm like well okay okay uh you know Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a um you know well well well well few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering like okay so you know okay you know the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today I mean so okay so you know um we are going to be having a very special guest on which is uh I mean I mean you know you know so Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly so you know uh like um so will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this okay so so well well so article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids so you know uh like I mean okay belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have for well I mean well okay so so you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This I mean um uh okay like uh episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as well so I mean you know I mean you know so as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this I mean like like okay um I mean so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry like you know I mean okay well so because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society okay so you know you know you know like. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I you know like so um I mean so think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the well like okay okay like um really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about uh like uh well you know um the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the um so well you know so you know music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I am well you know so well like okay so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call one of so like okay so you know well my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only well um I mean so okay like the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning you know so uh uh well well Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject well like you know well like um for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 like um uh like I mean okay Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris I mean so like well you know um Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has I mean so so okay well so the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day um um I mean uh so so weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle like so like so well well of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of our holidays uh you know I mean so uh I mean on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what so well okay like um like I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your um you know I mean well well you know very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor FM um well like like well so best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool that allows you like uh so I mean like um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will so so um well okay so also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean so well you know so like podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership you know so you know well you know okay. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make sure you you know I mean so well I mean okay guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get ready, you're you know so like um um you know tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you the hottest uh I mean well like uh you know trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney so uh so so you know you know plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter so okay okay like you know like by at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with uh well I mean well I mean like the green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a uh you know uh okay like well rumor that was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks okay um like so I mean you know like that's exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether um so um um I mean like we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions so like I mean okay um I mean of loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite you know you know um well so well a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're like um you know you know um like getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we so so I mean like you know well might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know so like um so uh so what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that you know well okay I mean so you know like button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations uh uh you know you know uh okay head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk well so you know you know like uh and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show well like um uh you know well start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with uh okay you know uh like well your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk you know okay okay I mean so like about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen uh so uh like so um yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom you know well well well well so and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches so so I mean well I mean well but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on so like okay you know um so and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli like um um I mean so well and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to get well well well uh you know uh it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that fuck uh like you know okay so well it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, well so okay well uh I mean it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why not um um like uh okay uh let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest well um so well okay uh on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already 190 you know okay like okay like I mean. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late so okay okay uh okay okay. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in okay I mean okay you know okay okay a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary so I mean uh uh like okay tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear well like like well uh so and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today okay well okay uh uh like and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime like so well I mean well um. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 I mean well okay uh I mean like on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa uh okay like so you know so Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back you know I mean okay well uh so baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been uh you know so uh so you know going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're you know um so I mean so well gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we you know uh well uh I mean okay have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy I mean uh like um you know so and then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know so so like you know so you know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't I mean like like well like okay in the mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're okay well so I mean well like back thing is though a lot of people have been saying to us I mean so well like so uh like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? Absolutely, well uh so okay like so not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we all wanted like okay like like uh you know by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger. He uh so so uh I mean okay dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is okay well so like uh like going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more you know I mean I mean okay like uh than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season like okay well uh uh uh. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people like you know so I mean like uh. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's uh um I mean okay like like some I love okay so off the top as usual Betsy has given well you know um uh I mean I mean Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, I got some things on so well okay uh well okay the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily uh like uh well you know you know devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with okay I mean well okay well like. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not well um so okay uh okay lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed day so you know uh you know okay I mean by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of like uh like I mean you know well Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that are seeing um well so um well so but to the things that are unseen for the things that are seen are transient, but I mean like like I mean well okay the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor well well okay um uh you know if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first uh like uh um uh so off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you know um like uh like uh you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay like okay you know so okay right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft well you know like uh I mean I mean have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you so well I mean I mean um well. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a so you know uh so like well podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make uh you know I mean well you know okay money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones okay like you know you know uh um that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you so you know like um okay uh need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted well I mean okay well like well to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the so well well I mean you know you know free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for okay well uh like so I mean giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is you know like well you know well um free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow like so you know like I mean I mean you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor like I mean uh okay I mean you know will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify well like I mean you know like I mean Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and um uh well like okay well we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help you know okay okay so you know uh make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make you know well so you know you know well money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need uh so like I mean uh okay to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing like well like I mean um like something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know so okay um uh okay dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy like well uh you know well uh. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? like okay you know uh you know um What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I so I mean you know so you know like like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she so um uh so um okay on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the so okay so you know um okay podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He well you know so you know well you know has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for okay like okay okay um you know a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road I mean okay uh uh like you know and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a you know so you know you know I mean I mean few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And like so um you know I mean uh if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of uh um you know uh I mean um our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form well um so so okay well to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so okay like you know I mean okay so you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then you know so I mean uh uh uh down the line move very much want to delve into some of those I mean well uh you know you know you know deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower so well okay you know you know well here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons okay um okay uh I mean I mean and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab I mean um you know um well okay your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this um I mean like um like well week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some okay so okay like okay I mean of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of like so um so um um our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family like uh uh okay you know uh. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family so so um okay I mean okay now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you so uh okay well well uh for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show like uh okay I mean well okay notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the you know I mean you know um you know okay answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better like okay um well uh well than to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just um um um so uh well to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever well um so uh like um hear me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question okay I mean so well um I mean was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to I mean um so like um I mean all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium okay um you know like so like account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can you know so like you know well I mean follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can uh I mean I mean so I mean like download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening you know I mean you know like um well to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be um well well like like like sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify you know okay well well well okay or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So like you know I mean like so um you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of you know you know okay so okay so Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome okay you know you know I mean um uh back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your like like okay uh like so questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I like um so you know you know like have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because I I mean okay I mean like you know well had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how well well you know well like well hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this well you know I mean you know okay you know pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know like okay you know okay so so better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a so um uh I mean well like loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to okay uh um well I mean well me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so so like okay um so okay powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm you know well um um I mean well Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and I mean so um like like you know brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit you know well like um uh um back relax and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope uh you know um you know you know uh that you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip like I mean I mean I mean well uh along with yes up along with us with we got the doc so so well um like um you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's uh uh okay you know like you know our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm I mean like I mean so like like that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was well you know I mean so okay I mean we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one you know like I mean um well uh might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford like um um um okay so copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart uh so so I mean I mean um some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart okay I mean so well uh you know and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March you know uh I mean like so like 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested like um okay um so well for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would so uh um well like like subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the you know so okay so I mean you know oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you like you know uh you know so okay have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's uh uh you know I mean uh um micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two okay um so uh well so board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all you know I mean well like uh um the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question well uh well so um like for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need to so well well so you know I mean do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts so I mean you know uh like so Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope well okay okay uh um you know women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this uh like well like I mean okay episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food so like so um um like money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through like like uh okay okay um our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink I mean like I mean uh you know okay bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are I mean well so you know like you know thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically you know uh well um you know you know I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York well like well uh um so. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in well you know like well um okay New York like crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was I you know like uh I mean like I mean was renting a friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do well so um I mean like um stand-up. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists you know okay um uh uh uh last weekend and she just like got right and did not try to get to know so okay uh okay um I mean me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, like okay well so well I mean let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's um okay well like I mean um do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got I mean like okay um I mean um right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like okay um um so okay so I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do okay um so well well well comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's um so uh you know I mean okay like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's okay like okay like okay you know word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on you know well um like like um things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of okay so well well okay um meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you know like uh okay uh uh to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So uh you know um well you know so please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast well like well okay like uh with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly like like well you know I mean okay B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you uh so okay you know um I mean like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom so well well okay I mean um. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience uh well I mean um um uh everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in I mean so like so I mean so your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number like uh um um you know so and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the um okay so well like like super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm um okay um okay well um right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? uh well so uh you know well I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using it, so so so well you know I mean but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's well well like um well well warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm so uh like so uh like when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as I mean I mean well I mean um uh most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm uh well I mean okay okay like All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed okay uh like so so so by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into so I mean you know um you know I mean the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I uh um well like like I mean feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just okay um well well um um say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or like like like well you know you know 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it like okay um like you know uh out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't I mean uh so like like well know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because so well okay uh so I mean you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means okay uh uh so um you know. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and I so uh um you know like like am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million dollar okay um okay uh okay uh online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is like okay like well okay uh gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes you know like uh I mean I mean so. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for you know you know I mean you know so I mean a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to well so so well so you know say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah well I mean uh I mean you know um. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring well like you know um well like out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, uh um so um well you know trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you you know um like okay okay okay know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for you know well so well I mean uh the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date white like like so you know I mean so guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all like um well you know well so of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up um I mean like so you know like RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day so I mean I mean okay so um. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up uh so you know like like um super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out well well well like well uh did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up okay you know I mean you know well um late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 I mean uh okay well um you know 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through okay so uh um like uh this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my well well you know I mean uh so co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure. You I mean okay uh okay um okay know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got home from so well um okay um uh the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food. So like um well uh like uh I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the I mean well well I mean okay well Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how I mean I mean I mean like you know okay in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack okay um like so well so up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor you know so well so uh I mean which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions well um uh well like I mean on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free well you know well you know so like editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for like I mean so um you know so you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the well so I mean well okay so free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that um you know well so um I mean anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to you know well so um um like welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host so well okay like I mean so honest him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's um I mean uh uh uh I mean episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of so so uh you know uh uh a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name I mean um I mean I mean uh uh kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that okay well okay so like um breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant okay you know I mean uh uh um program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we okay um um um like I mean doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to um like I mean so okay you know help kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether okay okay so you know well so it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate I mean well well you know uh I mean Indian food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick like so uh you know like well coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape you know like um uh like okay here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also okay uh so okay uh well a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number okay I mean uh so well um of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, okay uh well like okay okay Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is so like um well you know like about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the like okay like okay I mean I mean Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via I mean I mean well well you know you know podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if well uh well okay okay you know you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If you know well you know okay you know you know so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools so um well like well so that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to wwwsceetocom well so um okay okay um. For / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's um like well so I mean you know www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so um okay you know okay so so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure you know like so well well so. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son um you know you know I mean well um of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast you know okay um I mean so so of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to so okay you know like so you know shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted like so um like um I mean two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate okay um like well like uh. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking well um well like I mean I mean for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now you know um um so I mean uh a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now um so I mean okay I mean I mean get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the like I mean uh so well well sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank you for um well okay I mean well I mean joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we interview I mean well so okay I mean you know local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the future today. I like okay so I mean um so am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called recoil you know you know you know you know um well and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys I mean so I mean well okay uh play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name is toothpick you know um you know I mean like well vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall Punk's with um like okay I mean I mean uh an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You I mean okay like well um like need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good mood, but uh okay so well so okay today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching like um um well so I mean the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy well I mean like well uh okay. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon I mean uh um I mean you know you know. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests um uh like like well um Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How you know uh you know you know um like are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I you know so so you know okay like thanks for having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is um like I mean well uh I mean the podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool so okay um well okay I mean. Nice little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able uh okay uh okay you know like to do this and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of well I mean uh uh you know um you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll okay you know um like you know I mean both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports okay well like so well okay basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up you know I mean uh um um um and playing for the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I I mean so so uh um so said it back on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started so you know okay I mean so uh this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you well well um um okay like so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen uh like um so you know okay to you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I you know um so uh like so do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the you know so like um like like day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I so um you know I mean I mean okay was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took uh I mean um well I mean so that moment to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize uh I mean well uh uh uh what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me like you know well like you know okay to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay you know well so I mean like so this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its like um um well I mean uh easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow well um I mean you know uh so you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay I mean um I mean so uh anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify you know uh so so uh you know Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no um you know okay you know uh so minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place um you know okay okay uh you know. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to uh uh um so okay uh get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going you know uh you know like uh uh to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason concepcin um you know okay I mean you know you know Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought you know I mean I mean well like well the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a so like well uh I mean like king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute okay so uh uh so so power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like um I mean okay you know you know like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our political okay I mean um well um so discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 okay I mean okay um so like years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat so I mean um um um okay. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a so so um um um um guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races and um like uh I mean I mean you know give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about uh I mean you know okay okay you know starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about well okay like you know like um anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free I mean uh like okay okay I mean their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from so so um like okay like your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be uh um well well so uh heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money well well so you know so um from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast I mean okay like you know like you know in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored um I mean you know um uh um ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the so okay um you know like I mean car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans to watch out um so um so I mean uh for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's like okay so uh well like free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast you know well well okay um um right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you uh I mean so um okay you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your uh so um like well I mean podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast uh um you know I mean um well in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very first well uh so so I mean you know episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you? We're a okay well like so uh you know comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you just heard um um I mean okay uh I mean is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new uh okay I mean um uh um release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song um um uh you know okay okay is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've okay you know well well well well ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the uh you know um well you know like place I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get um um um like well okay it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button so uh I mean I mean uh you know. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other like so well okay you know you know platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer um um okay well um you know. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it okay you know um you know okay okay. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me uh I mean you know well so well with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place uh well um like so well to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again like okay so um I mean um. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get well I mean like uh I mean okay started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit you know you know so like so you know of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose well so well like okay okay here. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is okay okay okay uh I mean um going to be about. Each week and give you a chance to um uh well uh so okay subscribe and get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played uh uh so uh so I mean Super kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading you know okay uh okay um uh listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so like so okay okay so so I thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give like you know okay you know you know so you some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening okay so like well like like to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management so okay okay I mean well like follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you so uh so you know well I mean can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area you know uh I mean uh like like baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the you know uh so I mean so so battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing to so so so um well you know get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow so you know uh well um you know CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based I mean well you know um okay I mean community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast you know uh um okay like um is honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for um well um um so okay it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little uh um okay so like you know bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's you know you know like well well you know for. So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our so uh so so so I mean values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years like so I mean uh you know well old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful I mean so okay so I mean okay Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as okay um okay I mean uh um well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and well uh you know um um uh other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam so I mean you know uh like uh and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow uh uh uh like uh well it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you you know I mean okay okay so I mean know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode you know I mean you know like okay I mean of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina I mean uh um well well um to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the okay um well like you know okay world that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week well like like uh okay like in American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna uh well like so I mean uh like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend I mean um you know so I mean um Tina. This episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, like like like well I mean like I was actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not like okay um like well I mean the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember like so okay so I mean um you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I you know so well well well um said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed uh uh well you know so I mean his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell well like so uh so uh phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast uh uh I mean well well you know where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping I mean okay okay so like like business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day uh you know I mean well um I mean we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for so okay well so uh um landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to um like like um well so be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of um like I mean you know well well search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a um like I mean um well well website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for okay you know you know well um I mean the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts okay uh I mean I mean um you know keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created I mean like so well um like and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys um I mean you know well well I mean podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about okay like okay like you know I mean anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit. So if like um well you know like I mean you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's like um well you know so well completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from well okay you know I mean you know I mean your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be like um uh um uh well heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more uh like like like um I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to like um um you know um you know make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to like well well uh you know like the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of well you know uh like um like course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose so you know you know you know um so the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good um so so you know so so and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you record and so I mean um okay so so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere I mean like okay you know well well to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking to start you know okay uh well okay okay your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? okay well um like okay like Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God so like okay so so okay. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So uh I mean okay like uh I mean I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett like so okay uh I mean so here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where so well you know okay so um we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's um um you know you know um so on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to well like uh uh uh uh thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around I mean so uh well uh like 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi I mean uh well so uh um Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey I mean okay uh uh like um covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time well you know like like like so major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental uh I mean I mean well so okay yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given okay well uh okay uh like that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not okay like so so like like likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well well you know um um uh so a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the like okay you know okay so so large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're like like well so okay so writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data like I mean uh I mean um um that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 22 well well uh um so well. Percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is you know uh uh so okay like 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward like okay um like well like where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you like uh so um um uh for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week so like you know you know I mean like. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so well well well like I mean um we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has like um so you know well like Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I know I mean you know um I mean I mean well in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of you know you know okay you know like uh news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might you know um you know you know uh well be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that well okay uh so uh well people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled well well so okay uh like across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this you know uh well well um uh podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions you know um um I mean you know um of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please do you know I mean okay you know okay so consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you I mean I mean I mean uh okay um are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff okay like uh so like you know. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me like okay I mean I mean I mean so know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello okay I mean uh like okay uh. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video well um uh um I mean um today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally okay I mean you know I mean um um different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what uh okay you know like well I mean we want to do at least until a few decades in we go uh um um like I mean I mean through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we I mean you know uh okay uh you know find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same well um you know well uh uh often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could uh um I mean okay so okay you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would you know okay uh like so I mean really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is you know I mean well uh like you know Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week okay okay like um well you know on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success okay okay uh okay okay so webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique you know uh you know um okay okay time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a like uh I mean okay I mean okay full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll so uh well like so I mean be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join um like you know you know um well in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart you know well okay well like so. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz okay you know um okay uh like you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal um okay so I mean well like hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our like you know I mean like okay I mean 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about so I mean well okay like okay cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but uh well you know I mean like uh I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't you know okay okay I mean okay well know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was so you know uh okay I mean well my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 you know um I mean you know um um minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just so so okay uh um I mean got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than um well um like uh okay when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say so like you know uh like so thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and um so uh like I mean like mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son well well um well uh well we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be um so okay like you know um seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is well well okay I mean uh like on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my okay like you know uh I mean well father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts so I mean so well okay you know Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm so like you know uh well so here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing like um uh like uh like good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV I mean okay okay uh you know um talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What you know well um I mean uh so a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And you know uh you know so I mean you know so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 okay well so like you know like drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their you know uh like um well like normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the uh you know uh um uh you know end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown like like um um like uh class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this so so you know you know I mean you know episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying um uh I mean well um um solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have um you know uh uh so well some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my well so uh well I mean um co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a okay you know I mean well so so way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about Brandon um um like well like um bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done um you know I mean I mean so well it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We okay well I mean um I mean so also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase you know well like you know so um any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into you know you know uh you know you know I mean this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix like okay I mean well well uh it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media so uh you know uh uh okay today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and um okay well um um like athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand uh uh uh you know you know well CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome okay uh um um you know um guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair okay so so uh you know I mean bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover this event I mean okay I mean I mean okay well. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and raised in Taipei um like well okay like okay Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New Zealand and um like well well um like continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode you know okay you know so so like. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools uh uh I mean you know so um that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or I mean so uh like you know I mean a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and um you know well I mean well so nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online I mean you know I mean like I mean you know counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected um I mean okay um you know okay families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so much uh um well I mean well um that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of like uh well uh well uh social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast uh like okay so uh well where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current uh so uh so uh so social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on okay okay uh you know well you know conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We uh well like um I mean you know also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics well okay so well like uh we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for well um uh so like I mean our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this um I mean so so you know um mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so I mean so um so like okay guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have well well well um uh well something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners well I mean okay okay you know okay as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on you know like okay I mean you know you know this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope uh you know you know uh okay okay you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a okay uh you know so well so moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's okay um uh like so like always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always well so you know uh okay uh really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like okay like you know uh so so that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so I like like I mean uh okay you know have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through well I mean um like I mean um those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and well like um so I mean okay you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want you know I mean like so so uh to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life well so okay okay I mean like gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff you know um like uh I mean uh. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to I mean um so you know um um youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last okay okay well you know okay uh time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like sit I mean okay uh um well I mean down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things that nature well okay I mean you know you know uh. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded with like um you know you know so well a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's like so so like okay I mean a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that well like well so uh um I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings you know I mean like well so okay ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and like like like like you know um operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine okay like like well well like and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh okay you know uh well I mean I mean fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at I mean uh okay um so so procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make I mean uh uh uh okay I mean this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor you know you know um well like you know is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally you know I mean you know well I mean so free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record you know like um so I mean uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your um well um uh so so podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many well okay well uh okay well more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum I mean okay well I mean so um listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a so well um so so uh podcast in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay okay um I mean I mean well dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, uh okay I mean uh you know like welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you um I mean like well um okay follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that so well um like I mean like I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God. And uh uh um I mean like I mean that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real life uh well I mean like so like scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking very like you know like well um uh specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind I mean like like uh um um this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but I mean uh so okay you know um we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am I mean I mean okay well uh I mean so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's the okay uh you know like well uh big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of I mean like well um um um mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now uh like so well okay I mean you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole you know um so you know like like bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like get okay you know so well I mean um focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back uh you know um um well well. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your because life uh um well um um like has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week so like I mean like like um. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there I mean you know uh I mean um well to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah so um well well you know like had a good time in general so good to be back right now I mean so so you know uh so and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt you know I mean you know uh like uh angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually uh well uh um well well the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president you know so well um well um of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update um so I mean um you know I mean. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I like so so well um like was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot on my uh okay okay well so uh car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So so uh like uh well I mean I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning Monday morning, and uh okay uh uh so uh now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be uh you know like so well you know on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let well well I mean I mean um well you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out I mean um so you know okay uh there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to uh well like I mean well you know use and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast uh uh you know well I mean you know right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up uh uh okay I mean so like on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with um um well um well so sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So um I mean you know uh so okay make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to um okay I mean you know so so Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back so um so okay you know so to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees so so well like so um Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do I mean you know uh okay so well a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so okay uh um you know I mean you know good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it I mean okay you know you know so I mean was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing um well um you know you know like. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like so um okay so okay uh people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's you know uh I mean okay well you know like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think okay um you know I mean well so yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat like um I mean you know um uh on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic out of I mean you know you know I mean so uh the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just good goddamn you know okay well uh so I mean on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you uh uh so I mean um you know listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one uh I mean like like like you know of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's well um like uh you know you know over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years um you know you know well um well and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 I mean okay so okay okay um years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school like like I mean so uh like. Then he went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he well well okay like like okay went to the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all you know okay well I mean um um these kids in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram like well you know uh um you know. So when they went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to well well um you know so I mean the NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a um so so uh you know well church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to um so you know you know uh I mean the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on well okay um I mean like uh sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today you know so uh well like um. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and like um okay I mean uh so I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say uh well okay I mean okay so thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall like okay I mean so you know um of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app so I mean I mean so well well today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal um well so so I mean well development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and so okay so well well like get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick I mean I mean well um okay like read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by so well like okay I mean well dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston well I mean I mean uh uh you know introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully you know um okay uh like so say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my like well uh uh um like time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is um you know uh well so um me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start so okay okay like like like. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time like you know I mean um well well and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to so well um so I mean well say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and so okay like well you know I mean then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't quite so so so you know like okay sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for quite you know uh well okay like well some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why okay um I mean um um uh it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but um uh like I mean well uh I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty I mean like okay I mean you know like big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you like okay uh um so um who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert um you know like I mean so well or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult development I mean um like so well I mean. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to this you know uh so like well uh show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of the you know well um um um you know 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the last um uh uh okay well I mean 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't like like I mean you know you know like just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for uh well so well like like you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now um um well okay you know uh. What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that you know well uh so um like people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us so like like well uh well medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor okay um I mean you know so I mean because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession so so I mean you know like okay. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for so like like I mean you know so something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older uh I mean okay well you know okay brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a so okay well like so uh when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of well so so like okay okay TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was um like okay okay like you know insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us um okay like so I mean okay tonight, but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely you know um you know so so like co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode um like uh I mean uh um of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So so okay uh like you know I mean who so many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode you know I mean so well so I mean opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing uh you know um um okay uh is back in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to so like like well well I mean go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why well so uh you know like well is that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling I mean you know so well I mean so you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the you know I mean um you know so so time, you know. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You um uh like well I mean okay know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves okay so okay um I mean um and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished um I mean like like I mean uh it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode okay so uh so uh um of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind you know so okay you know okay so taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My you know uh I mean uh um you know name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you um um I mean well like um. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other like well okay okay so uh and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why like um so uh um okay why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to um um like um so you know quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host so like um like so so Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want to um I mean I mean okay well well go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do uh uh like well okay like that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or ever uh well okay okay okay you know you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind of okay I mean you know I mean um okay you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And well um um um I mean um in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about you know uh uh uh I mean like the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime um um uh okay well I mean has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a I mean so like um you know so few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May you know you know I mean uh uh well comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from uh uh okay well well so the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous you know I mean uh well um you know friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to okay so um I mean like I mean the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm so so I mean you know well you know Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern so so you know so um uh that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we so so like well well so talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week uh okay so so so okay. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I well well uh uh um you know believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition okay um uh well like like podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much uh uh you know okay so like for tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what you know okay you know like uh you know why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, so um you know well uh I mean let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for um well well so well you know about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at I mean uh I mean uh well okay a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting you know okay like so well um working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private like okay well I mean like like Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to uh well I mean well so like sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had so um uh so so okay follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more than I mean okay I mean I mean I mean um five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze I mean well I mean so well I mean in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this well so you know like uh well point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This is uh I mean I mean like you know um a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to like I mean um I mean so you know co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll well like you know so well uh let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I so um you know like you know okay have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host um like um um well well and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't uh uh okay well you know uh make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one um uh so okay okay like just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and friendship you know uh okay I mean I mean I mean matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy Stockman um um um I mean so like and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women read so well um uh well so more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for leisure friendship uh I mean I mean I mean um I mean and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, well I mean you know so like so this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for so um like well well uh joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently like uh uh uh you know uh asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right away okay uh uh well I mean you know. The first question that came from our members this year and some of our leaders so well you know so uh uh was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're uh you know I mean well you know well both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best I mean well I mean you know well so friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our so um like okay like like own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas uh so uh you know well so basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches uh okay I mean so um I mean basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv I mean I mean like I mean I mean um and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of so uh I mean well well okay PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic okay like okay uh well um relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is because uh like I mean uh well you know I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I um like um okay uh like was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode so well uh okay like so in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal okay um well um well uh with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them like uh um like uh you know to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the like you know you know you know I mean I mean joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment okay like you know uh well so. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came I mean well I mean you know well you know from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and you know like so well you know um the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when like okay well so uh um I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those you know well you know like so you know indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just um you know uh okay um so in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series like I mean uh okay well I mean. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key um well well well you know I mean areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course so you know like I mean I mean well re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach like well I mean um so you know Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you um I mean well well well okay about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of well well well okay okay like new people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information you know you know uh like well well can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and like okay like I mean uh okay Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed uh well okay um like you know one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from okay okay I mean well well I mean taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this so I mean like you know so uh podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have so you know you know I mean so like all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart you know like uh so so okay. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I um uh okay um okay uh are just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just so um so you know you know I mean going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in I mean um I mean you know I mean I mean these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you like okay so you know um okay what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with uh like okay okay you know uh some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff well so uh uh okay I mean. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with I mean well um I mean I mean well the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand uh you know I mean um I mean I mean new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then uh um um well uh well there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters well like uh I mean um uh and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein like you know so so um uh advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked like um uh you know uh like a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with so well like uh you know I mean the same question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of you know you know so uh like you know a single mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to so so you know like I mean so a new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every like well uh I mean like okay episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc you know so um you know you know so treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on so you know okay so okay well a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape you know like uh okay I mean you know from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to you know okay I mean um okay you know hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into um well so well okay okay different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now like I mean okay so you know I mean stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment I mean so like well I mean like has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in well like okay I mean so like and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out um I mean okay okay I mean uh there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward okay okay well you know uh so to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball uh I mean um like um I mean good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a well so uh okay so well lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode you know um I mean so like I mean 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you know you know um uh um okay you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number like so okay you know okay uh one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking so you know I mean uh so well a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host you know well I mean so okay uh and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real well uh okay well um like what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk okay well like like like I mean to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick so you know so like well okay how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you like you know I mean like uh like back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because I had uh like okay um I mean um the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She um um you know uh you know I mean is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind of you know like um I mean um well lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed like like um uh like well on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a okay well okay so I mean like self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't you know I mean um okay so um make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome like so um well so um everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where like you know okay so so um we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our well you know uh so um okay listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today so so so um um well I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only uh uh like uh you know um and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions well you know well like so so expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect you know so you know so um I mean the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants so you know uh I mean um like on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor uh well like you know like okay reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and you know okay okay so I mean you know other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such um you know you know like you know um they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam um I mean you know um okay so Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund okay um okay um like so managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a well so so like you know I mean process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse well I mean well uh um um podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of you know you know well I mean like um Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose okay uh I mean um I mean well is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others uh I mean like um well I mean across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today like I mean okay uh like okay. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology okay okay like so I mean well data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have you know you know like okay you know okay had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary uh I mean um well okay like of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions okay uh like okay well um you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This I mean uh like okay well you know podcast is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is I mean uh so like I mean um a safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage well um so uh uh okay Rita join me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to so uh uh you know so um love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all well uh you know you know I mean so kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the well so you know you know I mean well love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all you know like uh uh I mean like the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from well like okay uh you know like dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be uh so um uh you know uh talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to like uh you know so okay so your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the word I mean well so you know I mean like tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning so um well um you know you know equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was well I mean well I mean I mean um tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term I mean so um uh so well. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused like I mean like so I mean so with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme or you know okay you know uh well okay preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount I mean okay uh well um okay and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or so I mean so like well okay up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first like okay like um okay uh official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some well I mean you know you know I mean well chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's okay uh um um uh um going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I uh so like um I mean so got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention I mean um well so you know so yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a so okay well so um um Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage you know you know well I mean uh uh MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the I mean well I mean you know so uh heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going okay um like you know um uh to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's you know okay okay you know okay you know This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When okay I mean I mean I mean you know so Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So well so okay I mean uh you know I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made you know you know you know I mean uh so a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know I mean like uh um I mean you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it so so okay you know I mean like should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this well like uh well I mean uh Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups I mean well so okay uh okay. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one so okay so so so so individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again like like you know I mean like um. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a so I mean uh so well so DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is uh well like um you know okay pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he like I mean I mean well um uh just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me like uh you know so you know um a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an um so you know I mean um um audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back like like so well okay uh and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today I mean uh um so well I mean. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your um I mean well okay so like father and we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your you know you know you know well like so own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop you know well so you know uh you know for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your like you know you know well well like podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your okay well like uh um I mean podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to uh well okay uh um well monetize your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the I mean so so well like you know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, so well you know like you know I mean welcome back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well you know well like so so um as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the uh like uh um uh okay things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel like okay you know uh you know uh could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since um like um I mean well you know you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so well so well I mean like I mean and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard I mean well I mean like I mean well care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully you know I mean so I mean like okay designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life well you know like you know uh uh and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your uh um uh okay um well entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in um okay so uh uh so the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this uh uh like so okay uh Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you you know you know I mean well well um meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own like you know uh uh like uh pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19 uh so um so so I mean. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to um I mean well uh I mean okay make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is okay um well well you know so a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your okay like okay you know so okay phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can you know well so I mean well I mean be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily like you know um I mean you know um make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place well so like like um well. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business I mean you know like you know you know okay thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized okay you know like like okay um and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even one like well well okay well okay episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife um uh well like well um show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and so um like well well um there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound okay well uh um uh so quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones okay well so like okay so and that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I like well you know uh like you know have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in well um I mean well okay um the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week okay um um uh so I mean. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose you know well I mean um so um to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that like so okay well you know um I want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to well you know so so so you know a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for so you know like uh well so more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British I mean okay I mean so uh I mean Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode. We'll okay okay um well like I mean explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today um like you know um okay well. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different like uh like so uh like teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the language okay well I mean uh uh um assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So uh well well so like you know to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team um well you know I mean okay you know you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? you know like so so well I mean Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor um um I mean like I mean okay which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain like like uh I mean like like first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to uh like like I mean okay uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your like I mean um so um um podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of you know okay uh uh well like other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it easy you know like well uh uh you know with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Honestly like well like I mean so so. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F uh uh you know um you know I mean m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for like I mean okay I mean so okay the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March I mean um like um uh uh for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I you know well I mean like I mean so fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at um so you know okay um I mean night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I so so you know well uh you know don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to okay like um like okay I mean kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking like um okay like uh uh lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and well I mean well you know okay uh I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about you know okay so so you know okay 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and like um okay I mean you know so what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing well okay well like uh well property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row you know so I mean okay um uh for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or okay um I mean okay so um rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily uh well well so so you know budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen I mean uh you know well well like if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is so uh uh you know like okay actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back like uh um I mean so I mean it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not on I mean like you know like okay uh account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been uh I mean like um I mean um working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and um uh like uh well okay I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here uh so I mean okay I mean so to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her well okay well like well like birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some um um you know well I mean you know of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was um so so I mean like I mean like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I well like you know I mean um I mean can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our okay I mean like um okay I mean friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to so I mean um okay you know um finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for okay okay so I mean so uh years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my you know uh I mean you know uh uh spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge uh like you know well well I mean is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the um I mean uh like like like information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting I mean you know like I mean so like your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig so okay well I mean so like Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So you know well um well um like some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of I mean uh okay um so okay you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but okay you know okay like I mean uh today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 okay uh like well um I mean and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then uh like um like um um we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So like um um you know uh well I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you so well like so so so are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was I mean like I mean you know okay well out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and like okay okay well so like it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about um like so um like I mean today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how um okay I mean okay I mean I mean son feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when okay so like well like um you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs okay well like um you know okay. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? uh so well okay you know okay Of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting you know so okay uh so like your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out like I mean you know well uh well into the world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's uh well uh so okay you know the easiest way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the well uh like like you know I mean creative tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um you know well you know I mean okay computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way um well well I mean um uh it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything um so well um uh okay you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are I mean so you know like okay like you waiting for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith uh okay so so uh like for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up well I mean so uh okay like because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the inaugural you know um okay you know I mean like episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going okay okay like I mean um I mean to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are like you know I mean like uh like falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that so well well like so uh we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, well like like like I mean I mean we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all so like I mean um um um just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want well um uh uh I mean I mean to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam you know uh I mean you know um uh. How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, like I mean like well um so it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going well uh uh like so I mean to schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it um I mean I mean well um well to come out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, um you know like okay you know uh if you were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii um uh uh uh so okay while I still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So like so so okay you know like this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an I mean you know um well um well airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees so you know okay okay uh um and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials so well okay okay uh you know biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about like so so well uh well it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand. India's you know um you know like okay okay a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear the you know uh well uh I mean I mean word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving this podcast like okay so like so okay series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of Forestry agroforestry okay I mean well um well I mean and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one uh um so uh I mean like place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and okay well well so you know um filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues um like um okay like I mean of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them I mean uh uh uh okay I mean were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as uh well uh like okay so the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews I mean I mean well um uh um from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise like so um well um you know when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like okay well like like like like I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like um well okay uh you know uh oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it you know well okay like like uh. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up um well so you know um like I order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of like well you know you know I mean you know those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges like um uh uh I mean I mean. Is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it okay um I mean well I mean like Ben it was french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason uh I mean so you know so uh people and I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting you know uh okay um um okay. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on um uh you know well so um the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and so you know you know I mean I mean like youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see um um um I mean um you know you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with you know so like well so like him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission okay I mean so uh so like today will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses so um so uh okay uh sent to Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small well so um I mean well okay thing to you that the god of Israel has separated you from the congregation well so uh you know so okay of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind um uh I mean you know uh I mean on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and uh um um um so uh invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own so okay okay so like like experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement okay I mean uh um so I mean on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and uh well well well you know uh I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined um you know okay well I mean um with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a I mean you know you know so I mean okay hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire you know so uh like um you know the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on you know like um I mean uh like your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from I mean like well uh uh okay. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim so so so okay well you know is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and I mean uh um so like I mean more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of I mean uh I mean well like you know us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light you know okay so uh like well on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of uh like um so um like us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that like so well um you know uh by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to well okay you know you know okay I mean be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our okay um uh uh like okay own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching well you know like well um okay how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You I mean uh uh uh okay like are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad so okay I mean um I mean I mean to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow uh you know uh okay I mean like from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught so you know uh I mean uh uh the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So so you know you know um you know you know well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should we I mean okay well okay uh so reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices um uh I mean well okay uh in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to you know okay okay you know like okay the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our you know okay okay like you know um eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is uh like I mean you know uh I mean to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting you know okay um I mean you know um platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh you know like so so well. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit well well um you know like you know your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for well so like so well like you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you know well okay well like I mean can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything like you know like well okay so you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested so I mean I mean um you know uh download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want I mean so well okay so like to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having you know you know like you know you know okay a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out okay well uh you know well so there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were in okay so I mean okay okay okay The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to handle so so like um you know well things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is going to be okay um um okay okay so a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth out there okay okay uh uh uh I mean for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if so so like so well okay you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as um like I mean so I mean you know the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the easiest okay um okay I mean like like way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free. It's free um uh you know well okay you know. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow you you know okay well uh okay um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your okay you know like uh you know uh podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many okay I mean so okay like you know more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor uh you know well so I mean you know you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You um like okay I mean so like need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot uh like uh um okay okay can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with you know like like okay um like anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get I mean I mean so I mean okay well started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining well you know okay um um well The True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for like you know you know like um uh joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you uh like like so I mean so. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted like you know I mean okay I mean uh to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, okay um so like okay um there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that like you know so like um um the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us I mean well like so well I mean in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on you know you know well so like so a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and so I mean okay um okay okay dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it okay like so you know um well. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to uh uh uh you know so so but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on I mean um you know I mean well like the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll so well well okay so so tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was by so you know okay uh um okay your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for taking I mean you know you know I mean okay well the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody I mean like like I mean okay you know out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people I mean well uh I mean um um knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we have so so um like well you know a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, uh like so you know so uh first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with I mean I mean uh so I mean okay a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development you know like uh uh I mean so Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated um I mean you know okay I mean uh to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever I mean uh um I mean okay I mean episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo um so like well you know so. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton see well so okay so you know so company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through okay well you know you know okay I mean drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance I mean well I mean like um well matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm like I mean I mean so um I mean Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The um you know so I mean um you know Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of um like like well okay I mean espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in like uh like so um well California at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in you know um like okay uh like 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the you know well um so uh like picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that well okay okay you know like uh we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that uh like okay uh you know so you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it like okay okay like um okay down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad um so I mean I mean well well joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I uh I mean uh you know okay well responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His I mean uh okay I mean like um baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried I mean I mean um I mean I mean okay. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything well um um uh I mean I mean is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you know uh okay so okay okay you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of well you know like okay um like your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary well so well you know okay well Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one okay like I mean well like like you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss I mean so uh um um you know an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you know well like so um like you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no well okay so uh I mean like matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure um uh you know uh um okay to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts so you know like like um uh in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking so okay well so um well of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is um you know uh um well well optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of uh like you know you know you know like them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish like well so like like like Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be you know um okay well well so liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am you know uh okay like well I mean your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table so you know uh um like okay each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing like you know well I mean uh so the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to uh so um okay I mean like safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in okay okay like you know like uh the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the like okay you know you know uh well University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and so like you know you know like like journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact I mean like uh like like well of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from like uh um uh well um what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily well like I mean you know okay uh been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and well well like I mean like you know from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a uh okay okay um okay okay certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and Recovery. Hi uh um like okay uh you know everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with you uh um so well well you know a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and when we're in uh uh okay you know okay so relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're going through uh okay like well um I mean in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off uh like um uh well like with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on um uh um um I mean uh to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should so you know so okay um I mean talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you know well okay well I mean well you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, you know uh I mean uh so I mean yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin okay uh like you know I mean well for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very so um um I mean like well successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing okay uh I mean okay I mean you know delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was I mean like well well so well very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really okay well like I mean okay I mean good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus you know so so like uh um of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also well you know well like okay uh served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy I mean so well I mean okay like. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an okay I mean I mean okay uh I mean over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical uh you know um um you know so pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I I mean you know I mean so um um have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good like okay you know um uh well how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, so uh like uh I mean okay it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had uh you know you know like so you know to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to okay okay uh um so I mean remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose like uh well um well uh dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only well well like so um um like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's okay um well I mean I mean like whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow uh okay uh like like like could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's um like I mean well well well so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you were so uh like uh well well leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you well like so okay like uh did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess we so well so so so so can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's use I mean okay like I mean okay you know that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast so uh well I mean I mean um just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two guys I mean like um so okay you know filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like coffee so well you know okay so like. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah well so well so so uh fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, um I mean uh you know I mean okay it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you uh I mean okay okay uh you know for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I you know well well I mean uh you know make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just okay you know so um so you know the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know you know like like well well um I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it okay you know um uh so so just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today uh so I mean so I mean I mean. I wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is so I mean you know I mean well like jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people well well you know you know I mean like quote all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 so like well I mean I mean you know we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the well uh okay like like you know question of is the law of God really written on the human heart uh you know you know like I mean okay no matter where they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've um I mean you know you know um so heard all their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the I mean well you know uh you know so ways that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast uh like uh uh well um Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there you know you know well uh like I mean and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive well you know um well well so victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like you know you know you know you know uh like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know like so I mean um well well about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game um uh well like like okay started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread um okay I mean um well uh of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's well so okay like um well not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to you um I mean um well you know well how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm sitting uh you know okay okay so so down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is something uh well uh I mean I mean I mean that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy like so uh okay uh you know spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it uh uh I mean I mean I mean so was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture so you know um um uh okay of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session well um you know okay so uh. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and okay um I mean like uh you know we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we uh uh uh well okay you know put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better well well like so like you know at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually you know well I mean you know you know like has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still uh so like uh okay you know enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll um I mean you know like you know you know onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys I mean you know um I mean uh uh talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance I mean I mean like you know you know I mean of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack you know okay um so uh okay the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to I mean um okay um um uh be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got like okay well well like I mean hired twice by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join like like um you know I mean you know this podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey okay um so uh okay you know and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go uh uh you know uh uh so in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very okay um uh you know well uh cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together before like like I mean um like um the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off on Saturdays so well so you know uh so and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that so uh so well um well we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against okay okay you know like so well towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to okay so like like um I mean be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches like um um you know like like. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and you know I mean like like uh I mean school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a i uh okay so I mean so like you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to like you know so I mean um well go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do like um so like well I mean like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in this you know so um okay um I mean video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite articles, you okay so well I mean so uh can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We okay well like so you know um have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want to like uh you know uh you know like say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English I mean so okay so so uh articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think so well so you know uh um three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an um well um you know like I mean English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally well like I mean okay so like the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and okay I mean like okay so um we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so okay I mean um uh you know like great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you okay okay okay like okay well can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, you know okay like well uh you know but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie well uh so so um well. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be I mean okay I mean okay you know um short and on top of that you can even make money off of this app like so okay you know uh like. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you you know I mean um you know you know uh can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your well so I mean so okay okay podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go uh uh okay okay um well to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome you know like uh okay um I mean to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am so so okay like um well your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to so uh well you know like so cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and okay like um like so um we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got so you know well okay well uh some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for that and you know well um uh well well a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll like um uh okay I mean okay end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and okay I mean well um you know well maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are okay uh like uh uh so going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and you know you know so okay um I mean what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my so I mean like I mean so like co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where the you know you know I mean I mean I mean like Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going um okay I mean like like so into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position generally when well well like well you know uh looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer we will well okay like like okay um be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft I mean um um um so you know has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go about this I mean I mean you know like um like rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're uh uh like okay I mean like listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode um well so so I mean well includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive I mean you know well you know uh I mean. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in okay um I mean so um you know 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 am like you know like okay well so. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a well well uh okay uh you know woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we so like um like well um should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen you know you know um okay okay like my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize uh okay well uh like um you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness you know so um well okay I mean listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have so I mean like okay uh so been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned uh uh I mean okay well uh him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel okay well I mean like so you know pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would I mean you know well um um uh leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still so I mean you know well well you know and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the so well um so you know so door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our uh well so okay you know you know yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk like um uh I mean so um has come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood okay you know okay like okay uh in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to so uh you know okay um so do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce you know I mean um I mean uh uh milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is um so well well so um a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed um uh well like like uh. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So so so uh uh I mean I mean drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you um so I mean okay um like know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I um like um you know so uh think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since so I mean uh well like I mean day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get well I mean you know like so so you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to like okay so okay like so get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor okay so you know like like you know app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your uh like so um I mean well own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to so I mean uh uh okay uh talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you um like like you know so well want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, you know like you know uh like okay go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- okay like so so well um in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the um well I mean uh okay um role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will like so well so you know uh discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 like uh so um um well and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone uh like so um you know I mean senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game for you know like like uh I mean well Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think I mean okay you know okay well well in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener well like well I mean okay uh questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this is I mean you know um like okay uh the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're you know um um so okay you know from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by anchor like you know um you know well so that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based well uh uh well okay um on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing uh well uh well um uh House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to like you know okay okay you know like see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time so okay like uh um um with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all like uh you know you know um I mean today will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on I mean well so so I mean okay me O Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief so okay so uh like like. Yes, my soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the okay um okay okay you know so stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks um so okay well uh okay as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen like you know uh uh okay you know to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready okay so I mean uh uh um for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people well uh um like okay okay and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina well you know I mean so so you know Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from like well like uh like like 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku um uh okay uh I mean um Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to okay like you know um okay uh bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm okay uh well I mean like I mean doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the well you know uh okay I mean I mean time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been um um I mean you know I mean um up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided like um uh you know so um probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that well like well you know uh you know we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a um you know uh you know okay so little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm well I mean well um like you know going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come on you know like so um um uh that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of the I mean I mean I mean okay you know so Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting and um um well I mean so you know or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have a like okay I mean so you know like natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast so I mean like um okay like. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's like I mean okay okay okay I mean up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This okay okay I mean you know well well is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't um okay okay okay I mean so I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I uh well so like well uh knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards um like well um like I mean kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host well uh well you know okay so. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please uh like you know um you know okay. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about uh so um well like so a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're um okay uh I mean well like doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our okay okay okay um uh okay good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we you know okay you know so you know you know talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs you know so uh well you know uh. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of you know well you know you know well uh this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing I mean so um like um you know today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right I mean um uh well well like now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners you know well uh um like well are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn like um well like like well the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college okay well um I mean I mean I mean back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years uh uh well okay okay okay back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens you know you know um you know okay well. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first okay I mean I mean you know okay well we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful uh so uh um so I mean Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if you know um so so I mean um you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fidecom um you know um like um so. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat okay uh uh you know so you know t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive okay so so so so I mean 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are um um uh so so well screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever you know well well well so well you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at SD well so well like uh well screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate like okay so you know uh okay in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately I mean uh so uh I mean okay can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of like you know well okay um so truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals like you know um you know well you know and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong I mean I mean I mean you know okay you know Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an expression I mean uh um okay like I mean of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the um well like you know um so boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to so so you know um like so talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a okay uh uh you know so um script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest you know well um well you know well way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation okay I mean uh uh you know I mean tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I mean well uh uh well like. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music like well well um like well. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no uh okay I mean okay uh uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's I mean so I mean you know I mean you know get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just so um you know I mean so well cut it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's like so well so I mean um just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's okay um you know um like um of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This okay like well I mean I mean I mean is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you so so well um so okay hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my phone also I mean well I mean you know I mean you know Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet peas fucking uh um like uh so I mean Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him. He's so angry like I mean well okay okay like. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie budgie and like so uh uh I mean you know so he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet and he's mad like so so okay uh I mean okay you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin uh uh uh I mean uh I mean senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British okay uh you know um so well Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims I mean okay well um like okay to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work I mean uh you know like you know so of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information I mean like well like like like in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal uh like um like so like information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how so you know like uh like you know our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing like I mean so okay so you know a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast you know like well so um uh. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there my uh well I mean so like so hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was well I mean um so you know you know going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it like like so you know okay like is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we I mean like um like like I mean are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest you know well well so uh uh today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to find us so uh I mean like you know so. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, you know I mean okay I mean like like but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave so you know uh like well well us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if um okay well okay like like you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at you know you know well like well well all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? well well well okay okay well Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when you know okay like uh you know so Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her uh okay so okay so well reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled okay you know uh okay well like Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion I mean uh like well I mean um on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have like okay like you know so um its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username like so uh uh you know like saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the um you know okay I mean so like show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor um I mean you know well I mean well show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The well well okay okay okay well show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain so like okay uh um so. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single uh I mean okay okay uh you know season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past like um okay uh I mean you know infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to you know okay um uh um like encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay so I mean uh uh you know Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy uh uh okay like I mean so guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had you know so like I mean um so only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to you know um well well okay okay do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post um uh so I mean so well and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in um um well well uh like all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need I mean well uh uh uh uh to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make well you know um uh so well use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you know like well I mean uh so you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post well like um so so okay something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast so you know well okay I mean well. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week um um okay well so I mean on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a so well well um okay uh heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and like um so um I mean I mean achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived so um I mean um like so a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling well you know so okay um okay. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way you know I mean you know um you know um of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with uh um I mean well um well her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own so uh you know you know okay like bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a okay um so um okay so questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty so so I mean uh so uh Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved you know like okay so well well murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of so so well um um well history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen okay um um you know um okay to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised I mean like so you know well okay this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people you know so so you know well okay may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy um you know um you know like well Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that like I mean so so you know um was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of like um okay like um you know New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you know okay um you know um so you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, I mean you know uh you know well uh my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the okay well so well um uh history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it I mean uh I mean like so like says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we so so I mean I mean I mean like explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your uh you know well you know so well body to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's like so uh I mean uh like kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on uh like I mean so uh you know a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as uh so so okay I mean um to what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on well you know well okay like um Wednesday. Does that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you I mean so well okay like okay think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday uh you know so okay well okay. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our so okay um you know well I mean deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have like um you know okay okay well Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special I mean like you know like you know uh podcast seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good like I mean you know you know well um special on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into I mean like I mean well well you know the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans you know well well um okay uh and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of like uh okay I mean you know so Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my you know so uh I mean I mean uh firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan like well you know so like okay of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as uh I mean like uh so I mean you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the I mean okay uh okay okay okay one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists like you know uh I mean okay um and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you like well well well you know so never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever well I mean so uh I mean okay you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't you know I mean you know well you know so done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify um I mean I mean well so okay or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So I mean so like like well uh you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly like okay um okay you know well with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood in so I mean you know I mean okay um the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good okay I mean okay well like so for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it was going to uh I mean okay like I mean uh be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss or often you know so like like so uh our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good. Yeah one individual uh you know so like well okay that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight was Jeb so um I mean uh like okay. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get better okay uh okay you know I mean I mean the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were well I mean um you know you know like friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how like um um you know I mean so we do it how we get it out there how we record it um um uh well you know um. And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we like I mean you know okay you know so would have had when we first started out this would have been way way well I mean so um okay you know easier and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so I mean you know you know well I mean you know anchor is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you I mean I mean so I mean okay well need. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any you know okay um uh you know uh fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit I mean okay uh like like like it on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you okay I mean so well um you know all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you like um like uh um um know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way to you know I mean well um so well make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and like I mean okay okay so well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for well so like like um uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make um um I mean um so I mean money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to so I mean well well uh uh make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to so okay like so okay I mean Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back well well you know um like well podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the like okay well I mean I mean like ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How um okay uh like you know uh are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story I mean like you know like uh so and I love for you to share it with a lot of people well um like you know well I mean. Yeah, thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think you know uh you know so um um it's somewhat long overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't okay uh um okay so like wait to continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you um um well well okay you know many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you I mean I mean I mean well I mean okay got to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all well uh I mean well you know well those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've you know um so I mean um um had great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel well uh okay um so so media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to well um uh so I mean I mean die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio like well I mean okay uh well where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls so so you know um uh okay to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this okay like like okay you know I mean week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by you know um you know well so you know our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited so okay you know so I mean well to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself um um you know like you know well. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest um so okay like um so names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction um so so I mean like well these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired so well um well you know like the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the so I mean I mean well well like Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed um you know I mean well okay well such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at like well like okay okay you know grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy uh well okay okay uh like to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a you know like so like okay okay bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if I mean okay you know so okay well you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like I mean uh okay you know like so you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like you know okay like well uh uh to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line you know uh well so like well it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with like you know like okay well like mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I well uh okay you know um um need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that I mean um okay well well so YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you I mean like so you know uh uh look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has uh uh um you know I mean you know happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and okay um uh uh well like get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders you know so okay well um uh podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply has I mean you know you know okay well so to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business value like okay so so okay uh. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel discussion, which took I mean you know well uh like I mean place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco. The you know um well like I mean you know discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to develop and um okay so uh um uh features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years like I mean like well so I mean previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner so I mean uh uh uh um who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous guest on the okay okay you know um like you know show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously held various roles uh you know well you know um you know at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per like so um like you know so se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take like uh you know you know uh like control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you okay so uh so you know uh down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now uh uh um um okay so. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is like well you know um I mean I mean the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism like I mean you know um okay like and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is okay like like um uh okay how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions okay so you know okay uh you know are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear uh so uh well so so which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the main ones so um I mean so um uh. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first okay uh uh I mean um I mean sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I okay you know you know so um I mean use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other okay well okay uh um you know custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed I mean uh um um so okay guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have a free company okay like like so um well logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going on uh like I mean well okay uh there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create like uh um so so so anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom you want I mean well well okay um I mean made they will work with you and they listen to their customers needs of what well I mean uh well you know so they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 okay um uh so I mean uh coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great like well uh I mean like well chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and I mean well like you know okay well usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but I mean I mean you know like like I mean we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do um you know I mean I mean so I mean this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat um I mean so I mean um you know with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in I mean um okay well uh uh any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So I mean I mean well so like I mean thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting so well um okay you know I mean your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor like um uh you know well like is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools um you know um so well um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well well I mean so well so or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify uh uh um okay okay you know Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum so well you know you know so so listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the um I mean like like uh well free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want you know like um I mean well well to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On okay I mean uh like so uh the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform like you know you know uh uh um at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips um I mean okay okay like so and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors uh like um like okay uh the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site you know uh so so so I mean. Anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and so well you know you know well okay create your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So like okay um well um well basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist like okay I mean so uh like to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you well okay I mean I mean well uh upload it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I um like so okay like um have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what you know okay uh I mean like I mean I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on well I mean uh like uh like board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are well well okay like uh you know going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note I mean um like uh okay you know books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want okay like um um you know you know it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another I mean okay you know I mean I mean um story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I like uh uh well well okay want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If I mean like well you know okay I mean you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge um you know um like I mean well Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is I mean uh uh well I mean okay Thursday, March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame like so well so um well combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the well uh okay like uh so Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a like well like so okay so row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have okay uh um well okay so to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road okay I mean um uh so like that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with I mean uh I mean you know okay like them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the I mean so um so uh so Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference uh you know you know okay uh I mean. They come up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing um you know well well uh like that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and okay um I mean well uh like they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic um so um like so you know of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In okay so like you know so like other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things um well uh uh well okay that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that uh well so so uh um they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women um uh well like like so. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There uh okay I mean uh okay okay are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be okay okay you know um okay uh in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the uh I mean uh I mean well I mean supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it so you know well okay so um happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce so so so um you know like our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking well okay well you know I mean so for the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty uh like uh I mean I mean okay self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of like okay like I mean uh uh cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this well okay um well um you know that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love well um I mean okay uh I mean of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice uh um so um okay well Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it for um you know um um okay I mean I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, you know I mean like okay uh um I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the I mean uh well um um um voice of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? well you know uh uh I mean um Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just woke like um okay I mean uh well up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's it. Are we I mean like like uh you know so talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't use the position so so okay like like you know where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the you know like well I mean like you know time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we go um I mean well um like so. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This I mean I mean okay okay well you know is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host uh so well okay uh okay the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today uh so you know I mean uh uh. We're going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This well you know uh okay I mean you know is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd like I mean you know uh so uh chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a very uh um well like well so very cold to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is um I mean okay well so well really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a you know you know uh uh you know uh situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create like um okay like um uh a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is I mean um um um like um called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast you know um you know you know well I mean and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember to support you know like well um I mean I mean the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read along with okay um well I mean okay uh us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we um okay so you know like you know suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast okay like so okay uh well linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's okay well um um I mean so are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction well I mean okay so you know well of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic I mean like well so you know um just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're a minor I mean you know you know okay uh I mean we ask that you wait to listen until you were old enough to be well I mean like uh I mean uh shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast. I'm I mean you know I mean well um uh wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about Dan uh I mean so so well uh for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me um like you know um like like as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we well so so you know you know well could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing okay um um um I mean so show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the like so I mean uh well well inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every I mean so well you know you know okay day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking uh well you know so um well about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, so like you know well you know well but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that so um you know well so um makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny so I mean I mean uh you know um was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at so okay um so I mean um the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned like so um you know uh well on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most okay I mean like uh well well legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon like I mean well uh uh so the Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship like okay like I mean you know okay had a built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was okay uh like so okay um tape recorded by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast okay uh um so um uh was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the I mean um uh um so I mean tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to so uh you know okay um like you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best so uh you know well you know um of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger so you know so like so okay can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That well um um you know uh so means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what uh uh I mean I mean I mean you know I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, uh so well like so well we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the okay well um you know you know uh audio. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points um I mean like I mean okay uh if you want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do uh like I mean so I mean you know that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start like well you know so you know I mean a podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m well okay so I mean well uh / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an I mean I mean like like uh you know hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what uh okay uh um well well we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to host okay well uh like I mean um your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this got um I mean so I mean okay I mean a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from you know uh um like you know uh a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there you know okay uh like I mean you know too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most so you know uh well uh um challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get well I mean um uh um so it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or so well uh so you know okay founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash I mean like so you know okay you know for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast okay well um like I mean um all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download well you know well I mean like okay the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're well uh okay um well I mean ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek um well you know okay so well. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or so uh okay you know like like smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val like well you know I mean so you know said is your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of I mean okay um you know you know well that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make okay um I mean uh uh um a Supercut of how many different names you called ho over the course of the season well um um well so uh because there's been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at um okay I mean I mean so okay one point now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join uh well uh like I mean you know Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and uh you know so so so uh guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I you know well um so like I mean want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close like uh I mean well you know uh to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you um so so I mean so um read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind you know uh um um um like of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about like I mean so um you know uh anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay so I mean okay like. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and okay I mean um okay uh so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast uh okay so well you know well for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more uh uh I mean okay so okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything so I mean um like um okay you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app um uh um I mean I mean I mean or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care uh like um well like um of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk uh well like like okay uh rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to so okay okay you know you know like do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor you know like uh I mean you know like all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring like uh so so I mean I mean movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel well like I mean you know okay like movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news okay um so um so so. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, like uh um so like so we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all uh like um I mean so you know about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from like um well uh well um 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality you know I mean well so okay well starseeds the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're well uh um well well okay here with me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's I mean I mean well uh um okay get into it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you well well um so um so so much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before um uh you know uh you know okay we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most well um well okay um you know influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it okay um like so well okay but today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just uh well I mean uh like okay talk to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we like so uh like um I mean are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a um um you know like um well break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to uh um I mean well well um plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover you know like um I mean you know well off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of like like okay um um you know planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording from like okay like I mean so like the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will so so uh like um um share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the I mean so uh so well so intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in I mean well well well okay uh our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank okay you know okay you know um okay you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week uh you know I mean okay uh like. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me okay I mean okay so well uh because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be like okay well um well um a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the I mean well like well I mean you know mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man uh you know uh like you know you know Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or so um so um uh uh reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we okay well okay um okay um go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first practice, you know okay um you know well you know but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as many podcasts as uh you know like I mean um um we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to the media how many I mean like so like I mean so we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all you know um like you know like so full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll have an um well um I mean so you know opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last so well like okay okay I mean podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her practice report I mean um well uh so like out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, so so I mean well like uh actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite um uh like um well uh pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end um you know uh well like well there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this um uh like I mean you know uh week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton well um I mean well like um. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game week well well like well well uh one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the uh okay okay like like like world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know um I mean I mean you know okay you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested so like like uh you know you know though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a um okay you know so uh so lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there I mean I mean um well like I mean was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys okay I mean okay I mean um um. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about a well okay okay so uh like few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the finale like I mean so um well uh and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in you know uh um okay well I mean case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too you know you know okay like so I mean much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling with well I mean like you know well well post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that they can be open and you know like you know okay so I mean doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and well like you know like okay okay making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found out since the um uh uh okay well um show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of okay um like like well so fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to like I mean okay okay you know I mean Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you okay you know like well uh you know had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church uh like well well I mean you know was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you like okay so I mean uh you know know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in I mean I mean okay so I mean um the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't um um like uh well uh really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now uh you know uh uh like like and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic um I mean um you know I mean so. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson like so uh um um uh. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we so you know like like like um explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to I mean so like well well like another installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and I mean uh um you know uh okay fire the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at so uh okay okay well um the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up like uh so okay you know okay on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to um you know uh well you know well Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course well like you know uh um well to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of uh like so okay you know like this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship group so uh okay I mean uh so as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us so so so so like um focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person um uh well you know okay like. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then okay uh uh okay so I mean on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't have I mean well you know like well uh the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a one-on-one like I mean uh so um uh basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a lot like um I mean so I mean um about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So um you know okay well like um I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able like okay um okay you know I mean to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions like okay I mean well I mean I mean anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that okay uh uh okay you know well this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on well so well well well I mean behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our I mean like okay uh okay I mean show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the uh well I mean like well okay podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana I mean I mean um uh um um husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be okay uh like I mean you know uh discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to well well okay okay like I mean share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really um so I mean um uh I mean looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along like like you know so I mean so with us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are um uh uh uh like so interested in sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death I mean um okay um so like or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook so um okay uh uh so page or Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm you know so I mean I mean I mean like your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video I mean okay okay like so like that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this well okay I mean um well well show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would like uh uh I mean okay like be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top I mean I mean uh uh um so 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life um um you know um I mean okay spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed I mean like you know okay okay well a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre well well um well well um of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with you know uh okay well so you know the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to um uh okay I mean uh okay conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and like like I mean well well um here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into you know well uh uh you know um the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the you know okay you know you know I mean uh long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism well well you know uh so okay and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks okay you know well like I mean you know so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to well I mean so like so so me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years so okay you know uh you know like. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual um you know uh okay I mean okay exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a I mean I mean like you know um well Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their like um okay like um I mean victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the well like so well I mean so government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new um I mean you know well um well briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the okay so like so well like enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly well uh I mean like uh well podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and want so well uh like um I mean to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on the Caroline like I mean uh uh you know so Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out and about be kind and I mean uh like I mean uh I mean I notice when I listen back to it that I said be nice. It's not a okay well um uh you know okay big mistake. It's not a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in so okay so you know well well and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do okay I mean um you know well well the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do it I mean so so okay so I mean for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the I mean okay I mean uh uh so top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody so like okay okay um so just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare well so so like so you know drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we discuss okay well well I mean I mean um five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan is like like I mean so so I mean a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first aid kit um um uh uh well well rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that so like you know you know um uh Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in well like you know um like um Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately well uh I mean I mean okay um recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So okay okay um you know um I mean you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two well so you know so so uh Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those so like like uh like uh out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on um so I mean uh okay you know Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal well um like um um like. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde. I'm so I mean well I mean you know um two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going to Trader okay uh so uh so okay Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always well I mean uh uh you know so takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section uh I mean I mean uh I mean well for it, it's not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde like well well so so okay sections like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho um uh you know okay um um Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This is like uh well um I mean so one type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My I mean uh uh um uh um guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share uh like uh so uh okay her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this um like like you know well okay opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty um so so well uh well three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl okay um you know like okay um was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun well you know uh so okay okay to be around even to this day. She is still full of life and you know so you know uh uh well so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people um okay well okay like I mean and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much okay you know uh okay well I mean for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm you know okay uh you know you know um sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him so well um okay um I mean from these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of so um so like like um methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things um okay well you know okay you know like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose you know I mean okay uh like I mean farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a well you know so okay you know okay really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was like uh so uh well you know that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you know, okay um like like I mean uh bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how well so okay I mean well uh entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the like so uh um uh so 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day okay well I mean well um well on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir uh so uh so um uh TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick okay uh uh I mean I mean you know one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps um um like um uh well and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as okay okay you know so uh uh we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is okay well uh like you know well Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're like I mean you know you know so well a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it okay I mean um you know you know okay Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty uh you know like uh well um Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin um um so like so I mean. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have so um um well okay I mean a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow like uh so okay uh you know them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to okay you know you know like you know well talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going well um like well I mean okay to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other um um so like well well people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on okay um I mean I mean uh um the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right like well like uh so like now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is I mean I mean um um okay I mean like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as I mean I mean so you know so so it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event of um um so you know okay well cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be you know I mean um well you know you know trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going I mean like I mean like so well to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's you know okay well I mean like well just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we so you know I mean you know so um discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I mean uh I mean uh like like I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection um um I mean well well I mean you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today I mean like I mean uh um okay. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the you know so I mean so well you know whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? I uh okay like okay um uh think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some well like um you know like so of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away uh I mean I mean like um okay and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try I mean you know I mean I mean um um make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is like I mean I mean uh you know so great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um you know so you know I mean um right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast um well like like um well for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free you know um um so uh um anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are you know um you know um uh okay going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member uh like uh well so I mean Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael I mean I mean like like like you know Carboni. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos well you know okay like so um the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in I mean you know like okay um uh more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos um uh okay you know well okay. I've got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new you know well so like you know uh website life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening you know you know so so um um Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight okay I mean well um so I mean and are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a I mean well so uh okay so bowl game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great well so okay um well um story. I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the I mean um uh okay so uh country. I love what they have going on over there. I love what they well um you know so like so are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast um okay like um well um. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to you know so you know so well okay record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid I mean you know you know so you know like distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple so well like well well okay podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum well like I mean you know okay okay. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free um I mean uh I mean you know so ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn okay like like okay you know okay Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but you know I mean so uh um um not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that so like uh um uh uh wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account uh you know well well so okay. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North I mean okay okay uh um well America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism uh I mean okay um okay well and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a uh well I mean like well you know great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable uh like you know like I mean so altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So you know I mean like um um okay be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is like um like so I mean like chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as um like okay um like well listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor uh well I mean like I mean like dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, like um okay okay I mean you know everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in like I mean well um well so the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by I mean I mean you know like like so mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We you know um okay well like so talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash like you know okay well um so has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space like like like um okay well. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at uh I mean so you know um so the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was I mean uh I mean like so okay lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where you know you know so uh well like he was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he you know so well like you know so saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks so um so you know I mean well That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man um so uh like so well gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City well like uh you know so I mean in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center I mean um I mean so um like cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline I mean okay I mean um so um in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless well um uh like you know well. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon um like uh you know like you know row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch you know so um well you know okay of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder I mean I mean you know um okay well was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when you know I mean um okay okay uh no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it uh I mean I mean okay well okay my fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost you know so um so uh um like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and you know like uh well I mean um Steph podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how well um I mean you know I mean well was the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep well so uh so like uh in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is you know so okay um um okay rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain I mean I mean well okay uh well man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane uh okay you know um uh well Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing like I mean uh I mean like like hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you um well uh like like okay should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it I mean okay like uh like well also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all going so well so okay uh um to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two of so well I mean uh okay like act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo I mean well so okay well like speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the so uh uh like okay I mean crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still well so you know okay you know okay hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll um um well um uh I mean his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend okay um you know I mean well um. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in uh so so you know I mean okay another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel like I mean so well well I mean secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth so okay um uh so uh is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying okay uh so so um uh there is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also you know like um like well um prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't you know you know uh well um like have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be drowsy okay uh uh I mean um um heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached episode uh okay okay so uh you know to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, you like well uh okay you know I mean know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also okay uh um I mean okay I mean the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in my uh well you know well okay I mean soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she like uh uh so um um has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and so I mean okay okay okay um those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of you know like like um I mean I mean living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived uh I mean I mean um okay okay problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing well like well um so okay. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of um like well like so so us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our well I mean okay uh um I mean current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the you know like like you know um okay relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year okay so I mean so you know like. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't okay you know like well okay like be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people like like I mean okay I mean um who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and I mean well well well um you know opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is you know so um okay so so the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives okay you know um well I mean you know you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it uh I mean um okay uh um onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and like like so so okay uh edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify well you know you know so uh like. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily okay um okay like well um make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor you know um so like so well or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this um I mean like well you know okay is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with I mean um you know so like okay you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is like okay well um so okay Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined well okay like uh um well by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as like you know okay you know you know I mean is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this okay okay well uh uh well little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought so I mean well okay like like it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you know uh uh so like uh you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the you know like uh like so uh clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like like like well I mean I mean like have you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back I mean okay like okay you know you know. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad you know um well I mean uh uh we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we uh so um well uh I mean are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the I mean okay you know like you know like topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind okay okay I mean I mean well okay of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my you know like so uh I mean like work and telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation um okay well you know okay well where I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a so so uh well um you know divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out I mean well like okay like I mean she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting I mean you know um I mean so so thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, uh well well well uh you know but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his I mean so okay you know like so wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with okay well like I mean I mean well only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, well well so so okay okay but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting like you know well okay I mean so some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when you know like okay well like well we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and so um so you know okay okay four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months you know um so okay uh so now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to okay you know uh so uh well my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of I mean so so um uh I mean weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me okay okay you know well so I mean to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't all so well okay you know uh uh sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how I mean um um you know like okay tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently. If uh well I mean well well so you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, uh you know uh um like I mean but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can get you know well I mean okay okay um hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's okay well you know um so you know how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then go out okay so so you know you know well and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits and not uh okay well I mean okay um pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or like uh I mean I mean uh well anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that. It's like like um like like uh about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We um like I mean you know so so know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're okay well I mean like well I mean I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three well I mean I mean well I mean so days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will uh like like so well um be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here uh like um you know uh well week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got um you know I mean you know uh okay my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that so uh so you know uh okay means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday well well like uh um um. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth um so uh well you know so episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join you know you know uh so well well this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What well so well like uh like up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from like like um okay like so Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole so um like I mean so like and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the like you know you know so okay well unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was found well you know uh okay so okay on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man okay I mean I mean well like so confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown um so you know you know like well that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on uh I mean okay you know I mean like Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder I mean like well okay so like case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault so you know I mean you know uh so that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer um uh so so so well Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, I mean uh you know okay okay um 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely okay uh I mean um well um focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint uh uh okay so well well investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories um well you know I mean uh um through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole presentation uh you know I mean um you know um and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This so like I mean uh uh like podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just like you know you know well okay um stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for 45 so well you know like um I mean minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or so well so I mean I mean so reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and well well well you know um well opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This so okay like um well um is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today like so so well like okay we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the you know uh I mean uh okay uh 20th century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked you know you know okay okay I mean you know inside this enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as well uh okay well well I mean you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I I mean well like um okay like think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month so uh uh like so um Mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want well um well like uh okay to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you okay you know I mean so well okay from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time like okay you know I mean you know like. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You you know uh I mean uh uh well sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to um okay I mean you know um um another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio so well uh okay you know well yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the I mean I mean I mean uh like you know Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few well you know you know so okay like weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our I mean so well um well uh project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in so I mean okay well okay okay the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded like so well uh you know okay a podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of okay well uh um um well all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in uh uh um so like um like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB well well you know you know well like and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of you know okay so um well well Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't like I mean like I mean um okay forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through okay you know I mean uh okay you know our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode okay uh like well well well. So be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right well so you know okay uh like now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop you know I mean so uh so you know socket. To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in okay like you know like okay so the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have um like I mean um you know okay lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you know you know so uh I mean I mean you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get like I mean well uh you know you know into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It uh you know uh I mean so well was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and you know well so okay okay well Sarah Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey like you know well uh so well with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated okay like uh so uh like and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week well so well I mean you know uh and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This okay um well um well I mean episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive I mean okay so so okay like. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the like you know um you know uh well mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting um you know like I mean so so The Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as um I mean you know um well so president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own you know um I mean uh you know like right at least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand so like so okay uh um new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up like well you know so you know you know by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other um okay um you know I mean I mean religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to well so I mean okay you know um reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend uh okay like so you know you know while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly uh you know so well so okay recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in so okay okay well you know um my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of uh okay I mean like um uh Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only like like well um like like coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not uh well okay you know you know like the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot well like so uh um okay. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best way to well so you know well like like download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on so uh like you know so like Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's by okay well well okay well so far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy I you know I mean um uh okay so stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested I mean you know um okay so okay in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, so so so you know um okay man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another like I mean you know so you know um partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special um well I mean uh um so term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So your so okay well like I mean I mean partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with um uh you know like well okay your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this person. Maybe um so like okay um I mean you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table you know you know okay you know so I mean poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms well I mean um I mean uh like with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours well like so um like um or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be I mean um I mean uh um you know besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or well I mean um um uh um have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for you know um uh so um uh today's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel well um okay well okay okay during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and like well so so so uh to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously like well you know okay I mean okay known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of you know like so uh you know so creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to so you know like okay uh well the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met um like um like well like at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days you know I mean well uh okay I mean. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of well so uh I mean well well people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You well uh well well okay well got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show so okay you know uh um uh notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I well I mean you know um you know um opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to so so so okay okay um you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you uh I mean you know uh so you know kind of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your I mean so so um uh well own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good well I mean I mean so I mean so angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a I mean okay uh so well so stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about like I mean so I mean well uh any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not okay okay uh like you know so allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment um um well okay uh okay with the well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place well so well well so um. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta you know like so uh well like gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be I mean like like uh I mean okay here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did so well like well well okay I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about like okay like you know okay I mean so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was thinking um like I mean I mean okay I mean that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when I like okay so so well you know started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking um uh you know so like okay for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I you know so well uh okay okay realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because um uh okay you know well uh we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I wanted you know um I mean you know I mean uh to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front leg is like well so I mean you know like a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I am both uh you know okay I mean well okay a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance I mean um so you know okay um is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre um okay uh well you know so. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So you know you know you know um well well we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into um you know I mean well uh okay romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes I mean well you know uh uh uh one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is so well like uh I mean um Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the well okay well like so so world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most so you know you know so I mean okay notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring uh you know okay I mean like you know the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short so so um um okay I mean clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like like okay you know I mean well okay motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you um so uh okay well well can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to uh so okay like um well podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today well well so I mean like you know. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me like um um well um well and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope like I mean like so okay I mean you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here so so okay I mean like well at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally so okay like like like so literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some okay I mean well like you know like sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt uh uh I mean like you know um prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat um I mean I mean I mean well like we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us um you know well so well so again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in so I mean well you know I mean okay a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this for I mean uh so like so uh a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it I mean um well I mean I mean so maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct um like well so well like us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, um um uh okay okay like we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has because like okay um like okay uh we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever um uh like um uh uh we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time like well okay um okay you know we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else I mean uh okay I mean well like. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you I mean um like um like I mean got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I was uh you know you know you know uh okay supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my okay so you know I mean like you know hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going on and so um I mean like like like I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much shit like well um you know uh um I mean a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I have errands you know well um I mean okay you know to run I was linking with people that I see in a while. Basically, uh like so I mean like okay I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and my you know okay so um uh um mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like I'm you know well well you know like uh finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no one's here right um so um like uh so now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to so you know uh like um well come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna well uh you know okay um uh and my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates uh um so well so okay keeping it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we uh like so like okay okay do talk about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of well okay okay I mean um you know before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known um um well so uh well truth because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi so uh like uh so um lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed uh I mean I mean okay so okay by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get you know you know okay you know you know I mean an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode um I mean uh like well like 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom you know you know you know well like you know one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your intro like so uh well so uh on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room a numbers like um you know you know well like guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's it you know like I mean uh so I mean going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here. It's weird. It's so you know okay uh um well like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this um uh you know you know I mean so warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known for out uh so like you know uh like here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every so you know I mean well um like day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here so good uh you know so uh so um for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode I mean okay you know uh I mean um includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for children so well so so I mean so under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home you know okay um okay um so for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered so well uh um uh you know World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic okay well well uh you know okay architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your uh well so so um so Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a like um like I mean so uh walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like like so well so I mean uh a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line well I mean like you know uh okay. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs like I mean uh I mean okay you know for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the I mean uh I mean I mean okay okay space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee I mean uh okay well like well was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We like so uh like well uh all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, like um well you know okay well I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake okay you know well well well so more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down okay like um I mean uh I mean the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go I mean okay so so I mean so back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he you know okay well like I mean um was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial okay so well like like uh two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow um um you know you know okay so for more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you I mean well so like so well can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had I mean I mean um so okay um gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to um I mean uh um I mean you know brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made I mean I mean I mean so so well me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few so okay well so uh like precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again um like I mean like you know you know and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep so you know like okay uh so you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through I mean so so so well so ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week um I mean I mean um so you know as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold uh I mean like you know well you know programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise well okay I mean well uh uh temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it uh okay like like okay okay was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian well I mean well like you know like Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and okay so like you know okay uh I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic I mean uh um well okay well pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo like well okay so uh I mean he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the uh so like okay so okay founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record I mean well um you know you know you know some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and okay um um you know like you know his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number like I mean okay I mean okay okay 30 of the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator you know you know so I mean like I mean of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all so like okay um um um about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an okay well like you know like like underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed okay uh like I mean um well that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out like I mean um so well I mean our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why uh um uh I mean okay like that is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? I mean well like uh well well What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also going uh um um so so like to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes so so like you know uh so can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really well well well okay you know I mean why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it I mean okay so um so uh is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as I mean okay like like I mean like you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was I mean you know um um well um for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great you know like uh um okay I mean compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and um so okay like so okay get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal uh um okay okay um I mean development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting you know okay okay okay uh I mean to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours so okay um um um you know. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary I mean um um like um like of the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie okay I mean I mean um I mean like and quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine um you know uh uh so um was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It well so uh uh uh okay was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah okay you know so uh like um first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your uh like well okay so I mean own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the way to so well okay so uh so do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So if you like um so you know um you know listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download our audio upload I mean so okay well uh I mean it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and anchor publishes okay uh so like uh okay it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all um you know um okay you know so those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All I mean like uh okay uh you know it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on like you know like so you know okay your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and so like you know uh uh um every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you you know uh um um I mean okay. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join you know uh so so like well the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the well like like I mean I mean so bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean um like well you know you know me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so um I mean you know I mean okay right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay well you know well um uh. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you um um okay so well well can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to okay so uh you know I mean so make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to so I mean uh so okay you know Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the okay uh you know I mean um you know speaking for the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking so well um I mean so well for the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe uh um so so okay uh you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some well well like so like well workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really I mean uh okay um uh well struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this uh well um like I mean well plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again okay um uh you know um well. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan like like like okay well like which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also well so like um uh okay get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do um you know uh well you know uh every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa uh well you know I mean so you know you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal uh uh like you know um um equipment and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if okay uh uh so okay like you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and get the so so um you know you know okay planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here I mean I mean um you know so like we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on. Becoming uh um um I mean well like extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take um well uh you know um um a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here we um so so so so uh go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you okay uh okay um I mean okay know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa um um uh I mean uh I mean used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the Can always well okay um you know so uh been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and so okay I mean so you know well want to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think like um like well um well it's kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one um like well um like so of my last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump uh um so so like you know and dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to okay like well um um um a woman about my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one I mean okay okay so well so of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that well uh okay so so I mean was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're well I mean okay so okay you know up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through um uh you know um so uh these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people. And uh you know uh you know so I mean today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of grand like well um so uh okay obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having me okay I mean well so like um. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no um okay okay well like so. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving well well so uh so uh Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's about I mean okay okay I mean you know well the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of um um I mean like I mean um Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be well so like well well I mean no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I well so well well you know um really following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script you know you know um uh so so shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to uh like okay okay like like create new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's uh I mean you know like well um popping / stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it okay okay um um okay like. You guys are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got like uh okay well well like our shit together. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for uh you know like well so uh Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you well uh well so so so Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 20 like I mean um so you know okay. Simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland so you know you know well so well the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to explore uh like okay I mean like um the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead you know um well okay I mean like of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March uh uh like you know well I mean 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma well okay you know um well uh is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going so uh um okay um um to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't so like uh okay well uh know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I like um well um I mean um was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this so um uh I mean like uh therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff Episode 22 um you know you know you know so so of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to well well well I mean um okay people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes like okay okay okay well so. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on the first like uh like I mean uh okay amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We so so so like like like were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you okay I mean uh uh so so run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on so I mean I mean okay um well. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that I mean you know well I mean I mean okay answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my so um well uh well uh best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on like okay uh um okay well the road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to you know you know like like okay I mean Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was reading up well okay okay like I mean you know everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well well um well I mean um so stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here um well I mean so I mean well to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening so like well so okay you know to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody I mean I mean like uh well like out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard like uh okay okay I mean well out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest so so okay so uh I mean way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation well uh well well uh like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or you know well I mean you know so you know your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can um uh like I mean I mean okay be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like uh uh uh so uh I mean I'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with okay so okay you know okay uh no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's guests are well uh okay so you know so love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient a uh okay like like okay so creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side like I mean I mean okay like well at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters you know okay um I mean so okay at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and uh like so you know like so then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a few you know I mean you know so you know uh months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple uh like um so okay you know highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the gradient I mean I mean I mean like okay um. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners I mean so um so um okay before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor I mean you know well okay like you know. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast um uh like um you know uh. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation you know okay like you know so I mean tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and like okay um uh um like computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard um I mean I mean okay okay um. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast I mean so well you know I mean so with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one you know so uh like like I mean place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get well so um like so you know started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started I well okay I mean like um like started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a well uh I mean you know okay um victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has okay like I mean okay well so Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions I mean okay like like like you know. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the well so I mean well well okay final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host well uh um um well I mean Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very well like well okay um so very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean uh well well you know like well paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning you know um so well you know you know Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in well uh okay I mean so you know the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted um you know like you know you know well to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, well I mean like so okay so but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years okay I mean uh well uh okay James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to like okay uh well so uh get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of I mean um okay like um like wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It you know I mean okay uh like so was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung you know so uh like you know I mean around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is you know you know okay uh so well AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have Rebecca well um well uh I mean well. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an so well well well okay you know interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I was well I mean so you know um uh sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do okay I mean I mean so so okay one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to I mean so like you know okay so have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it well I mean so so you know like in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis well okay uh you know um like and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of um so like I mean uh so the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of like so like I mean like okay traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was I mean like you know well like okay in their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured I mean okay well you know okay so by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted you know like so like uh you know to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming you know you know uh you know um um danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know you know uh so so um uh that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard uh so uh so well I mean about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free you know like so like so well. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your okay um like um uh so phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will uh um well um well well distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean like like like okay I mean and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership well okay you know like you know I mean. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place like so I mean you know uh like download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started so like well uh uh so now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you well I mean you know well um like. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this you know like you know um you know well year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where um I mean you know um you know okay we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in uh I mean well like okay I mean this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day um so I mean uh um like this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic of like okay um well you know like marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is uh so well well okay well starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine I mean uh you know like like okay. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the you know uh okay well okay like right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best clients okay well um okay you know uh into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them into you know um okay uh well okay your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome like well so I mean so I mean interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here well so well well like um is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a well well okay well uh you know business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses well I mean so um um okay in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a like um um well okay so podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and uh okay like um okay so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know like I mean like um like. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You well so like well like well can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is like you know so I mean okay well everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the okay I mean well so okay uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome um um you know like um okay to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor um well you know like uh okay holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? so um um okay you know well I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast. So I mean okay um uh uh well a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube channel um well so well like I mean is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they want like well I mean like so okay to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind of the so uh you know uh well well technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche how to like well you know okay um so get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more about on okay you know um okay I mean like my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that in the I mean um you know well um um the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff so I mean well um I mean uh and you kind of understand how to build the business then like like I mean uh um uh the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you um well uh like well like make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first okay okay well uh okay well sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over like okay well okay okay uh a couple different options you have and then let you know what I okay so well well um well do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a uh um okay I mean okay well bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing um um like uh uh like. I did two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I uh I mean you know like like well wasn't so hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott uh um well well you know so Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah you know um I mean well well you know good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable well I mean you know well well I mean brick good or because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during uh like well um well like our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor I mean I mean okay uh okay okay is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if like like you know well okay okay you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor um um you know I mean well okay anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and well uh okay I mean well well record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor uh you know I mean um uh okay distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and you know um um like you know I mean Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of um uh um uh you know well click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make I mean well well uh um um money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad well well um so uh I mean that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of uh okay okay so like so money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode of well you know like like I mean you know the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are going to I mean I mean you know you know I mean well talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown I mean um like okay I mean like at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke I mean I mean well you know okay so at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn like you know so like um like State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this show well um uh you know like so here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe hit well you know um you know so okay the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself okay so so um I mean um some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that I mean so like so so well every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place okay you know uh well you know well by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally named like um well well you know I mean it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back to okay okay okay like I mean well Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because okay uh well I mean uh okay Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies you know I mean uh okay um like seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this is I mean I mean so so um you know my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I um um so um like I mean would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need well uh uh like well you know tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast well so well uh well well about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy you know so so uh um so a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm I mean um you know um okay like going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from I mean okay well you know okay you know Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with that I mean uh um you know I mean well. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie I mean so um so like well and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading okay um well I mean I mean you know it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage you uh uh okay I mean so like to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to download like um like like you know like is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why uh well you know you know you know well not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools well okay uh I mean you know uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your um you know I mean well I mean so computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay okay like you know so you know uh. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk I mean like well you know you know um about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading so well okay okay uh um the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't like um like you know I mean you know have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea like I mean okay uh I mean so tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after like I mean I mean um so okay reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under um I mean so I mean um well a rock right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just um you know well okay like I mean to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went um like well so you know like down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I uh uh you know uh I mean so went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with Hannah well okay okay well um so burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think you guys I mean uh like I mean okay like will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't so you know I mean okay uh okay wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from Summer like you know okay like uh um House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels um um so uh okay okay like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry I mean I mean you know okay okay I mean never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming so um I mean you know um like. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like like so um um okay you know you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east well well okay like uh okay coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic um well uh like like like and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This is well I mean okay well so uh actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a week I mean okay uh like you know well with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live uh um um you know okay I mean with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So uh uh uh okay uh well if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it you know you know so um well well. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able well um well um so well to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting okay well like okay well okay and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo I mean like so okay uh okay episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, March I mean I mean okay I mean um um Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar uh I mean so well okay well Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous Lisa like you know um I mean so so is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993 uh so well okay I mean um. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough uh you know you know um well um. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United States um like uh well you know so the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are you know um um okay um well based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The well you know uh like okay so number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're so okay so okay I mean okay scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that I mean like so uh well I mean states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak like so okay okay so I mean apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited um okay um so uh you know the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah um well okay I mean like so. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, like so okay I mean uh I mean no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about I mean okay uh I mean um uh some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about uh I mean like so you know well the system the system that's running the whole game around us right uh I mean okay um um uh now. That's why you have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and okay um like well okay well I'm going to get into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you know so um well I mean okay you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You you know okay you know I mean you know okay don't get into certain things, but I get into what I know about. You know what you know I mean like okay so uh I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is well well well so well um what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club so uh like okay I mean you know with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually well so you know okay so um talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, uh you know okay well well well he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So like you know well you know like I mean very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, so so um okay okay well and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information you know okay like you know so like Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah uh like like so I mean you know the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport uh I mean so well like um with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses uh uh uh so so um as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge um I mean so I mean so um. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel you know so okay like uh so. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight I mean um uh okay okay uh to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer like so well like uh well free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick you know I mean like like so um look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was you know I mean like like you know you know quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located um uh um okay I mean well next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to so okay okay okay um okay the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the top like well so well I mean okay in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and so you know okay I mean um so welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your um well well uh well like host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting okay so okay um well like the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a I mean like you know I mean um I mean look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor well I mean I mean like I mean so Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas you know so like I mean I mean I mean in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and okay uh you know um like so eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I uh like well like uh I mean named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover um okay uh um uh you know some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great I mean uh you know well um well techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect so I mean um you know like well just to name a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and like I mean I mean you know you know I mean much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty like uh like so well so. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations like like um um uh well with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to um you know I mean well you know okay take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super so like uh you know well so excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie uh um okay uh okay I mean Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and I mean you know uh well like well she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera like I mean well okay you know okay. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a you know you know okay like well well full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope um like um you know okay um you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this you know I mean you know so you know you know episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of I mean so so well so you know this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast uh well okay you know I mean you know. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about like I mean like okay so like random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title so like I mean uh um uh. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I you know so uh uh okay um started to figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if um uh well well like I mean you know notice a lot of the things that we covered from the past few well you know I mean well I mean so episode is about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a well okay so I mean like well teenager or as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the well like well uh uh like podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this well you know well so like uh podcast should be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess well so um like so you know hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think is well I mean like well okay um important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the okay okay um well so so upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett um I mean uh so so okay and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a little like I mean like okay um you know bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our I mean okay well you know you know uh AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real well um okay okay so okay big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let uh well so so you know like me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the floor and he's so you know you know uh okay you know giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do this because so well like like okay well he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to talk about I mean okay okay um you know so why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that I you know like you know okay you know so get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what like I mean okay so like okay to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make I mean I mean okay um I mean well sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started a new I mean uh okay um um like segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer a random question so I mean like you know well like from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the blog and you know you know okay um okay well YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you my love um well uh well okay um for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the um like I mean you know okay you know topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This you know well um well um okay is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you're I mean like um I mean uh um not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to uh okay um okay um well feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always okay you know uh you know I mean okay going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be I mean um so like like uh really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired you know I mean okay you know like well. And other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out I mean well so I mean uh okay and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your uh you know you know okay you know um ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or well like okay I mean okay like that business you want to build or that career you want to have is so okay you know I mean so so just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This uh I mean um okay like I mean is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described you know so like okay so you know in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the so I mean I mean okay so uh show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month uh okay like like you know okay that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal like well okay I mean I mean um of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or well you know well you know uh I mean she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of okay um okay um well um transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in like um um you know you know okay our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great well um like okay um you know words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought so uh you know you know like okay me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a motto and like well like uh I mean okay mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known as her so well you know uh like you know a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get them all mixed um um you know well I mean um up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is a like you know like okay well like certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories uh I mean I mean like like um with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors for South so you know well like you know I mean Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being okay um you know okay you know well a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here so uh well uh well um with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing like so uh um I mean okay with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your uh uh um um like um room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love I mean okay okay well I mean you know is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and together I mean you know I mean so you know I mean. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in like I mean okay so okay so it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, so you know okay um um uh but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what okay I mean I mean so I mean well I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have okay um well um so so your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We I mean so you know well uh you know are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here well um well okay you know you know with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming okay um okay uh like I mean from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling okay like like um uh I mean so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome okay uh I mean uh I mean you know to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us uh I mean you know so uh I mean speaking are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going okay like like you know so uh to talk about our story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I well like so um well I mean don't care. How do we express this? How do we what do we think of well well well like um you know what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like well well uh um like okay to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to I mean okay okay so so you know Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy so I mean um okay okay you know guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known well okay like uh like uh it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download um like uh um you know I mean the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and you know like you know you know uh well anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in I mean okay um I mean uh so all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not uh you know so uh um okay need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also okay uh uh um so so need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some like so so uh um so come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or um I mean um like you know I mean simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone okay well so okay okay uh. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my so so so I mean so you know uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy well uh you know um um okay this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on like um well okay I mean so social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's uh so like okay um well Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you okay I mean I mean well well like to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of you know um you know well um you know it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the you know um like I mean so um lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or you know um well um uh okay reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of um you know I mean well so okay the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program okay you know uh well like I mean the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and you know uh so I mean well um strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell you know like like you know well like and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners running um uh okay well well uh long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a few I mean I mean well I mean like so years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels you know you know so well I mean well all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back um like well um well okay. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining so I mean uh um like well today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with well uh you know I mean like you know let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What uh well well I mean well well you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life so well um well you know like. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have um well okay so like like our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my so I mean I mean like okay like best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want um uh I mean um uh well to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major well well okay um I mean I mean event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear so well um okay like um Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole you know so okay I mean uh you know weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe you know like okay you know well you know 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back so uh I mean okay so like in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is I mean you know I mean okay I mean uh. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's like uh you know okay I mean you know up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long uh okay I mean well so okay time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has okay you know um I mean um uh been a hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like um so you know so well I mean I get to check up on you every once in a while go into I mean okay um so uh okay stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess uh okay uh well so okay for you and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes you know so okay okay well like. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch okay you know you know um so well. I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting uh you know uh you know um well skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you like I mean so well um um out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome well so well uh so you know. We have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really I mean uh okay well you know okay because we just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but well well like like well um we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck I mean uh you know uh so like do I was listening back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, like well I mean like um well it's not that bad right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during like uh um well you know well the podcast when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But uh so I mean like I mean like what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino uh well uh well uh like. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you um like you know okay uh I mean. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting you know well you know like like like together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really you know um you know uh well uh are the creator of your own reality and it would be fair to say to you know um well okay I mean you know you blessed beans that you are you are in the process of creating well okay you know I mean so well most of you two realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the um um uh okay you know like reality of the greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of um okay you know okay I mean well who you are as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also okay you know uh like well you know in the process of creating the reality of how you feel right now this uh well uh um okay you know red hot minute and we want those realities to merge and the only way that like uh uh I mean okay uh those realities can merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're well I mean I mean okay okay uh not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the well like well like well you know injustices of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this you know so you know well okay okay episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive like like uh um I mean uh. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia uh um like um like um ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a so um well uh um you know graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was like well like like um you know From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know okay uh so um um uh the other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer you know okay I mean you know uh uh camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be like okay okay so so so rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about okay so like you know like um to head out to a party Ali thought that would be the end um like you know well um uh of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome I mean I mean so uh I mean well to the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were you know like like you know like um Union Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's um okay um uh um um been forever. It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would so um you know um well well and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the like well so um well okay reunions. Ya betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good um okay uh I mean uh I mean to have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing you know um well uh uh I mean Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is okay okay you know okay I mean so intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any well okay uh so like um reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature uh um I mean uh okay like and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based I mean uh you know like uh well on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion like I mean well um like you know statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have you know so well uh so um been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its well so uh so okay I mean heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start brushing well okay I mean so so okay on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the um you know um uh uh like chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history I mean uh um like like um tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save okay you know I mean I mean okay you know America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that well you know so I mean um like people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was you know okay I mean okay like like called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford okay I mean like like I mean um copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you well uh you know well um so outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and uh so uh like you know you know then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through you know like well I mean um uh the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles uh okay well well uh uh rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy so um well I mean well um house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked you know okay uh like so you know in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an well I mean so so you know like evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of you know well so um like so life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your uh I mean um you know you know um host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse okay well so like you know well and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique so I mean uh so so uh perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes uh I mean like uh okay you know they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of okay okay uh okay um so us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're so so I mean um um well not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you uh okay okay well like okay from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? I mean you know I mean so so um Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I um you know um uh well okay know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and like uh like um um uh one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe um uh like I mean I mean uh our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or how was uh like I mean like I mean okay your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has you know um uh um uh um been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about like like you know like so I mean Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim like okay like so like so not only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him so uh uh like so you know both are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support okay you know like well I mean okay. The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there um um so I mean uh uh to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right okay well um okay uh so place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the well uh I mean um well so Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before um okay uh well like like we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube like I mean well you know I mean okay channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the you know I mean well I mean so well Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day well um like you know well well. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining okay I mean I mean so you know so me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray um so uh well like I mean this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just so you know like like I mean so going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of uh okay well so I mean um it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't uh so well uh well um stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but okay like you know well uh uh I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before uh okay you know well okay so I went back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of you know well well well uh I mean Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions uh okay okay I mean well you know have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on so uh I mean so so I mean The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the um um well I mean like so complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy like well okay okay well like theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past so you know well like well um a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola I mean like you know okay well uh with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear well okay I mean well you know like separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my um okay okay uh uh like hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat uh uh I mean um okay uh Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled I mean I mean I mean so well okay kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really like uh um okay uh um good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers okay um like uh uh so are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal um uh um well I mean um you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight uh like you know um okay um. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned so um you know uh I mean okay psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're like you know I mean well well uh willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity like well I mean okay you know um. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to well okay you know like um like be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having you know I mean uh okay uh like me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something uh okay uh so uh I mean you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on you know okay so like uh well top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if like um well well well um you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison I mean okay I mean okay you know uh Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the like I mean like okay you know well description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that um I mean well well like like Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because okay okay okay like I mean uh Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this um like well I mean you know I mean straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so so you know uh you know I mean uh she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other um I mean like okay you know um reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see like um you know you know like uh no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in so like you know uh so uh the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if like so okay well uh uh you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today uh okay like you know okay well. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our okay like uh um well you know Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for so so uh I mean um well the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker well um you know uh like well sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She you know I mean uh so like well works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves you know you know um um I mean well as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee. That like like I mean you know you know like would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She uh um uh I mean well I mean has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO well I mean uh you know okay uh chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had well so you know uh well uh some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura well well uh I mean you know you know Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked okay um so I mean okay so to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian you know um like you know well you know physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our I mean so like uh okay okay podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So okay you know uh well uh you know we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the uh okay uh so I mean like pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons. I'm like uh I mean well so like one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - uh well well well uh I mean man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating you know you know uh like I mean I mean character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again okay you know um okay so you know because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send um so you know so uh you know those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that like I mean um okay so so Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing like you know okay you know uh uh doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you okay I mean well okay well uh haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne okay okay like okay I mean okay and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me I mean I mean um okay okay I mean explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well uh so I mean okay I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast um well I mean uh you know you know for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can I mean okay you know uh I mean uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh okay um um so um to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go uh so so well you know like to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a so you know you know like okay like woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a um okay like I mean I mean I mean board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This uh okay you know um you know uh podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with so um I mean like okay well Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to um so like so well so help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're like well you know like like well smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is I mean you know you know um uh so Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior like uh like you know I mean you know college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride um you know so you know I mean like late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now like I mean so uh so okay known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday like um well you know so like night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow so you know okay you know I mean uh ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house um okay you know uh you know well. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other like you know um you know well you know day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there you know like well um like um something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for uh um so um okay like Purim believe it or not? Because they always write a five or six or like uh well uh um like seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because um so well well okay well important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So you know you know so okay so I mean I have a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and like you know okay so like I mean my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little um well well like you know okay bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the uh I mean uh so uh okay best things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast okay okay well uh well like. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit like like like you know uh you know your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So I mean you know so um like well download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started I mean I mean well I mean um so check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this so well um well um I mean podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down um you know like uh uh I mean with people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have you know I mean so so uh like to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our so you know okay uh uh um website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask like okay so well well um you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can um um so um so you know I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to um like I mean like you know so 27? Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their okay uh uh so so you know age 30 above so that everything is now since our topic is about okay well you know uh okay I mean emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? so um okay okay you know I mean Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know who like um like I mean you know like I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's so you know okay um well well my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of well like well uh uh uh this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only like so I mean I mean like like school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend so um okay uh so you know Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah um um okay well well like. I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this uh I mean okay like uh like episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of you know well like like I mean uh Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in uh you know okay okay you know uh one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here like okay like like well uh today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind well like um well I mean I mean of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't I mean okay you know okay I mean so really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with well uh um like okay you know a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and okay uh well so uh so I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous okay um well okay okay so lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory so okay like so um I mean is the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out well so so uh you know um if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I so I mean I mean so so well reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew like uh okay well like uh Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated um like um um uh well that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially so uh you know okay I mean you know dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me I mean so like like you know I mean get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette uh like well well I mean okay so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there uh um okay I mean well um any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as okay well um you know okay you know of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let you know well so so uh you know me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on you know okay um okay uh um Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on um okay uh so I mean um her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check you know um I mean you know so you know out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like so I mean um I mean okay um I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real um you know okay so so so real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never like so um um uh okay met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is so um you know well um uh the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that I mean um like like um uh and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him up like well like so uh well. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He uh so so I mean I mean I mean loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like uh so well uh I mean like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as uh well like so I mean like like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to you know so um okay you know okay how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like okay um um you know you know well are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open well well so I mean like okay. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again well so so so okay well calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment so um like uh um well. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against uh uh um well I mean so the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're I mean okay I mean um uh I mean here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to like um well so uh so worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays you know uh uh so okay I mean hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I play uh well I mean well I mean okay soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right so okay like okay so you know. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way um you know you know so you know you know back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This well well I mean like like okay wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and like you know okay like um I mean I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep doing okay uh like okay uh um what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with us about I mean so so uh okay you know Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So good um you know so um like um to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it since last so like well I mean okay you know week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce sister on used to like you know you know so you know okay say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I you know well um uh so you know mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just thrilled to see you again um you know uh like like I mean because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd well uh uh so like you know be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing uh uh you know like you know um spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and so well okay um you know you know Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy like okay well uh um well. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if I mean um um so like well it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that I mean okay well I mean okay like in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality like like you know um like okay with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover you know like I mean uh so um more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics um um uh uh well well aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the so um uh okay you know so shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In so um well okay okay okay other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join okay okay like well well I mean me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world uh like okay okay uh okay really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't I mean well uh you know well well have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't well so well um you know okay have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop I mean uh I mean you know uh um. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your so so so okay um you know listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning uh uh uh well um uh you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from like well you know uh like you know the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH okay so uh I mean um like with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings um well um like um um. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I mean uh you know uh okay you know I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or you know you know okay okay okay I mean permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going uh um um uh you know like to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep I mean well you know well okay okay thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this you know like um uh I mean like will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this well well well like so okay episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people I mean like you know you know well uh may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was you know I mean okay like so okay irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office like okay I mean uh I mean you know. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was the so you know like uh well um big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're involved you know I mean I mean well uh like in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client so you know uh you know I mean well had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is so I mean well you know okay so not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He I mean okay like well I mean so is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I like I mean uh you know well okay don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too so I mean so so you know like hot. Sorry be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 so you know um um okay okay of 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome okay uh like um you know so to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew uh so um okay like like Strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the like I mean like um I mean uh name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called so okay I mean I mean so you know a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which you know like you know okay okay I mean we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all so you know um you know well uh our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on the so okay well well okay like help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for um well like you know um uh Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not well okay um I mean um well yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope okay I mean uh um like uh first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you like uh uh well so like haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let um okay um I mean um um me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to uh I mean so okay so um do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well so like okay you know so or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your okay okay like you know well um podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many like well like okay like I mean more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership you know uh okay well um I mean. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And well um I mean uh so like this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I you know like okay okay like well prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your so okay well you know like so relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go um uh okay um so well I can't go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe uh like I mean I mean well like stretching it here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second so um I mean you know well uh chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next well well well well okay like Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word okay well well like well okay and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience you know I mean well uh um uh. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really okay like I mean so like um really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of uh like uh well um well the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you uh uh so uh well you know are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and I mean uh well okay I mean you know you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are I mean um like I mean uh um able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and so like well you know um so you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really um you know okay so you know you know really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we like like uh uh you know uh just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find uh like okay I mean well okay out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello uh you know okay you know I mean you know. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be you know uh well well like you know announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? uh well I mean so well well We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah like so like you know well uh for the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, uh uh okay well well um you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson um well well I mean like uh and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed I mean I mean so uh you know so. The summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to you know I mean like um well um killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn well uh you know like you know okay some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic um like um well so um like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who like you know okay you know you know um gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety well you know you know so I mean uh this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My so like so so uh okay name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things I mean okay um uh you know like that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I I mean I mean so I mean okay okay am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things like well uh um you know um is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the so uh so I mean so uh necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things you know uh okay uh you know I mean that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business uh like like you know okay okay which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency well I mean so okay like okay created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency you know you know um I mean okay okay here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle well um you know so you know I mean East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will okay so you know so um so learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with um I mean uh so I mean like less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast well um like I mean um um. I'm your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and I mean uh okay okay well like friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They okay well um okay I mean you know say wisdom comes with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know well I mean okay okay well okay who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think uh uh okay well like well Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin uh like so um well I mean in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called um you know you know okay well you know a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating um um so well you know okay truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I in so I mean so so like so mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no you know you know you know like so um other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only okay well you know so so well we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his spiritual well you know so well so uh conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, so um well okay okay like it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here okay well well well like um wanting to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's I mean so like um you know so an idea that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to um okay so uh so okay make it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the like I mean you know um uh uh world. So here we are welcome to your first episode of the love well you know um well well you know the law. So we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of so I mean like you know um so you know, what made us start this podcast and how we know each other so you know you know okay okay like and who we are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about well you know like um you know like and so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked um well like you know like like getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew you know okay okay um you know uh colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I I mean I mean like um so you know think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in well like uh uh okay uh the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really well you know okay so uh I mean good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good uh so well I mean okay like. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of so um well uh I mean so the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections like you know like uh so you know going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action in well I mean uh um uh okay the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy feet you know I mean um so you know um at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at 9:00 to I mean um you know I mean like so 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and seven to one okay like uh um um so but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for he later won. But I well um okay uh um um believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art uh I mean like uh uh I mean for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so on so forth. I think well well um so um uh it's not really a race. I've looked into much myself personally as in going for okay like well you know okay you know a horse to the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll like I mean um you know you know um probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the okay uh uh like I mean like TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize like so well you know well you know. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the uh um okay uh so so after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode um well okay like uh you know. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So um you know so um you know okay what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast um um so uh you know okay of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all I mean so I mean um well well the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how like uh uh uh you know like to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just uh like well well uh like editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash okay you know like well uh you know can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We like uh like okay uh like Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure um you know well okay um well out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you so uh so you know uh you know a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why um you know you know you know you know I mean you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way I mean I mean like like like uh shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm not so I mean so okay I mean like famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average you know well um okay so so high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is um okay you know um um like a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the like um you know I mean um well doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You okay like uh I mean you know uh gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I okay okay um well well you know told the devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him uh um um uh I mean well who is the head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I uh well uh so uh you know am free from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression you know uh well I mean I mean you know and the enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one like like um you know I mean I mean cannot touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I um well okay like okay um am in right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ well uh uh like you know so. I have the peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in you know so you know well well uh me than he that is in the world. I have received the power of like okay like you know I mean you know the Holy Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new uh um um I mean well like I have been given and it's been given to me. I have no lack well you know um I mean uh I mean for my God shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter so uh so like well like episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not be okay okay so like you know so one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're going to look so so you know um you know well back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than one episode at okay I mean like you know um I mean least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like how okay like I mean okay like so you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that. We so like um well you know well got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and you know well I mean you know um you know compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing like um like I mean I mean so good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to tell so well like you know you know okay everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage I mean you know okay I mean uh well trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial the you know uh okay okay um so rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and well well so you know you know like true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 um like I mean like well so Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were well um uh uh so so considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime you know well like like you know okay of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This um uh so so um I mean podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few uh so so uh uh I mean things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of like so I mean well uh um books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your um um I mean like I mean well questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on um uh well like you know so iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review well uh so well well um. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please you know I mean well uh um I mean ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit like okay well I mean uh like me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet you know you know you know I mean so um Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick okay okay so like like well but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod so I mean you know like well you know. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than well okay okay like uh so you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they you know you know uh I mean okay well have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess okay like well I mean I mean you know who's copying their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a okay um so I mean um like Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing like like okay uh you know you know. So you've done what a good digital marketer does and set up all so uh so uh like well your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the okay okay um I mean well I mean social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise okay like um uh um uh when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything so I mean okay you know okay like from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you can okay um uh well I mean well be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is brought I mean okay so uh like so to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure out like okay like okay I mean uh the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you everything you okay um like well okay like need in one place for free and you can use it from your okay okay um like I mean I mean computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like about anchor they like uh well um uh okay have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like um um well you know you know. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they you know so well like you know like have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So I mean so okay well like well if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against you know I mean okay well okay um children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note well um you know uh um okay. The Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about well uh so uh I mean well leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure like okay I mean uh okay uh to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC okay um um like um you know gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many okay I mean well okay okay well pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed well like well like like you know in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on uh so like um well okay which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. How um you know so so okay well about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better like so like um um like. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train so uh you know like you know well legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you like I mean you know well well well I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're I mean so um I mean uh um one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah like okay you know well uh you know. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon I mean you know I mean like so um as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am like like well like like well using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's uh well you know so okay like going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a uh uh I mean okay so I mean good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody okay you know uh um you know you know our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And I mean I mean I mean so um uh we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So okay you know you know you know so you know kale. What's your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's like okay uh I mean um uh your Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long like like you know so you know okay day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the uh uh you know um you know uh legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star I mean well like so uh okay. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today uh so like I mean you know well and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener well uh like you know I mean you know discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the uh so uh um um uh sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex um like I mean well so like acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what um like like so I mean uh a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you don't you know so um uh um well follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning of well you know so you know well you know the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter is uh um like I mean you know so almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this in well um uh um so well my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown like you know okay um so um and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character you know well well uh you know I mean. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of you know I mean you know like uh you know South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some um so well uh okay you know of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but like uh I mean um like okay I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your so well uh you know like so host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to okay like uh so like uh go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter well so um like like I mean 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all like so you know um so like operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit uh okay I mean uh well so about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay you know well I mean well like a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow I mean uh okay okay like you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor you know okay so so like so will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast I mean um you know well uh well and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership I mean I mean I mean well okay uh. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor well like you know so like uh up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of I mean so well I mean well like the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court okay um I mean like I mean okay of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City okay like well um uh I mean bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme like okay uh uh well okay Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's like you know okay well uh like go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of well uh you know so so like Attorney Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution okay I mean like okay so like is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger like you know like okay um so Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a okay so well um like I mean ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun you know I mean you know okay I mean like was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort I mean so well okay well so to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the you know uh uh I mean like you know Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly okay uh well I mean okay uh cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members um okay uh I mean so you know of the service still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst I mean um so uh well okay was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect you know like um I mean you know I mean those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the you know like I mean you know you know you know guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program um um well I mean so uh the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on but no you know like so uh you know okay by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got you know I mean so I mean I mean um something to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that okay like um um like like mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has um um so like like well simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing um uh um you know uh um. They do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets uh well okay you know like so you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are uh I mean so like uh you know you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus I mean so okay you know okay uh after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up well you know um okay uh um and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be I mean okay so well so um with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the uh uh okay I mean I mean so father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him so well okay you know um um and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I needed to I mean I mean so you know uh um be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting like I mean so well I mean so that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking you know you know I mean like uh okay the day. He begins it by being with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking so okay okay okay uh so about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for I mean you know like um uh well the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term okay okay uh okay you know uh. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated well um well uh okay well buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining well you know I mean so like so the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as uh um you know well uh I mean far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 so you know well I mean I mean you know years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do okay um uh like uh well you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, uh so like well you know so my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody like um I mean um uh you know. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best well you know like I mean so I mean program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We okay well you know well you know you know have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know like well um uh okay okay ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian guide I mean okay okay okay like so to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know critical well you know so like you know um thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts I mean um uh uh well um of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article go you know um um like I mean you know. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to say I mean well well uh okay so Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about the things uh you know you know okay I mean you know that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history like uh so well okay uh of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean uh um so so so I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on um uh okay like uh um for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number so well uh so okay okay for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh well okay I mean uh like you know Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining well okay like like like well me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of like um okay uh I mean you know the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over like I mean you know um I mean I mean this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting okay uh well um um you know real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants so okay so okay like like AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls you know you know you know you know well you know AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I did uh you know so you know well I mean. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently the so okay okay well I mean I mean sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast I mean so so well you know I mean with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you so you know I mean like so okay Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a uh I mean um okay you know like Dave. Hey them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting um so okay um um well down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one uh you know well like so okay of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement you know uh well um um like of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded you know well well uh I mean well for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to well like okay like well I mean our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta okay well well uh uh um Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in the like I mean well like well uh city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage uh I mean uh so uh like in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division okay okay well I mean okay you know two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division well you know you know okay uh um stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and so so so uh so like I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the okay okay uh you know I mean like day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat despite well you know well uh I mean you know its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word well um uh okay you know um. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is well so you know like um well related to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have I mean I mean uh uh okay I mean it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place I mean um okay you know you know so as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often um you know like so okay like used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool I mean I mean um I mean uh um rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism well like well well okay I mean in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to get you know well well okay so okay into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names and uh um like so so okay pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My uh so uh okay well um name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man like um um um uh you know cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main I mean I mean well um like like employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and um um I mean okay well okay a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 you know you know uh you know uh okay at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at so like like um so well a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original you know uh like well so okay peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of um so um like uh um the transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is okay you know well I mean uh okay back from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but you know so um so so I mean today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always you know okay uh um um you know this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent um uh um uh so like any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice so you know um like you know so from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned um uh I mean uh uh you know because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 well okay I mean well okay you know Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top. Now, like you know um I mean like okay let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush show I mean like okay well you know you know for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and so um you know so uh I mean I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants I mean like well okay you know um we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a uh um I mean so so I mean question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing like so well so I mean um has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham with like I mean I mean well um uh black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here uh uh okay so okay I mean today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation well so like I mean well uh and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open you know so well okay like like conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your you know I mean so like okay I mean body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to well like I mean well um so speak about and so my question for you just to get right into it because um so so uh like uh I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for um you know okay you know you know I mean you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here uh so uh okay um I mean and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our I mean I mean okay you know well so podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two so I mean uh you know I mean so. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone so well so I mean well um or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it you know you know uh like I mean uh can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you okay so okay you know well I mean can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything I mean I mean um um um okay you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood okay you know I mean okay I mean um and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a like you know like uh um you know crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've so like okay well like you know all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to uh well well okay so so our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're I mean I mean you know so so you know here to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when okay uh you know I mean I mean you know I get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are okay okay so so um so now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like like so um um I mean so share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per so you know like like like uh episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to uh well so you know you know uh hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance so like like uh you know um rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end um you know uh um I mean okay of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just you know like so okay uh like has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be well um so okay so like legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it okay well you know well uh okay for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so okay you know like well you know so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer you know so you know um I mean like and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled uh I mean you know you know I mean like or to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables us okay okay like um um you know more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem like well uh okay okay like okay a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how the world is well like like you know so so set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps like like okay I mean uh uh can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to so uh okay you know I mean okay people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope um so I mean okay okay I mean you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a comedian I mean uh well like you know like Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan uh okay so um well like coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of okay um okay okay um so Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small range um uh uh uh so I mean Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell. If okay okay you know like well like there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels I mean like um uh uh I mean are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is the movement of so um um okay well uh water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas. The so okay okay well like um body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the okay um uh so well uh concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the um so okay uh um you know bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the you know like um okay uh like excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can well I mean well I mean I mean so be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood okay so well like you know uh glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is like like I mean you know so um actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin show I mean uh you know I mean uh you know. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting okay okay uh okay um so out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on a I mean you know like well well uh show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I well like um so well you know thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first uh um well you know like I mean half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the okay okay you know you know uh so audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to okay um uh um well well follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle okay uh well so so well is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of okay so I mean like well you know March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the you know so so uh so so morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank of I mean well so you know like like Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round okay like you know you know I mean like of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the I mean um I mean okay okay um cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the I mean like so well you know I mean right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump okay um um um like okay tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the Federal um you know you know well well I mean Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is okay um um I mean like well the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime okay okay so like like I mean podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret you know um I mean um so I mean today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew uh you know so I mean uh well Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the mid-2000s you know um um okay okay um right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments okay uh uh like well um participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but okay uh like okay you know um I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came I mean like well well I mean uh on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie so you know um you know so so sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do okay uh uh well I mean I mean not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of uh okay um okay I mean well this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor well like okay like uh well then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host uh um you know um so uh Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to I mean you know like like you know uh talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi okay well you know um so you know State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did so well like uh well um and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big you know um okay you know I mean uh early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and um um like you know well so then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast I mean so uh uh um you know because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the time they were okay um uh like you know so up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina you know um I mean well you know okay did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good I mean uh okay so I mean um performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult okay you know so like well you know subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable uh okay um I mean like uh for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up you know I mean I mean uh uh um something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless like okay well uh uh like it's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made uh okay like well like okay by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this so okay so uh like so PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors well I mean um okay you know I mean popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent I mean you know so um like like Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC like like okay uh you know I mean 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by okay uh so um you know I mean sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz well uh I mean uh um I mean and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now so like well uh okay so valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right uh you know I mean so okay so can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? you know um okay you know well so I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start okay uh I mean um um well with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout I mean you know like like like so out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm uh well I mean um um you know Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I uh well uh like so you know like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view so well um like I mean you know and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will um um uh you know uh uh also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and I mean well uh um okay I mean this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder you know um like like I mean um just like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend I mean um you know so so like. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year you know like so okay okay you know old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family um well okay okay like um out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original like well well so you know well today. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward you know well um you know you know uh Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune you know you know okay like well um. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My I mean I mean you know you know like so name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we well okay you know like well um run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets well like well okay uh like of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have I mean so okay I mean I mean well heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are going to well um okay okay like um bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so if you've got um so you know okay uh like any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the um well okay like like you know email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the okay I mean okay uh okay like first story? I will start with my first two because these are the uh I mean so well uh so these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three okay um uh okay I mean like days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys uh like well okay um okay and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether I mean well so uh you know uh through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and okay uh well uh well like this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost like I mean like so um uh every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have so okay I mean so so like a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send okay um like like you know well them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And well um so um well you know this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in uh um um you know well you know mind. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were uh like you know um uh so born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And you know I mean well uh okay I mean so if you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth you know like um I mean uh okay of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way okay like I mean so uh you know to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I mean you know so I mean I mean so I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin um I mean I mean you know like okay and the self-styled bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith you know um okay you know you know so and mr. D'andr Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna so I mean um well uh I mean me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend I mean um well um like you know manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant okay I mean I mean so um uh manager / comedy sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary okay okay well okay you know I mean but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's well uh you know so well um Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on I mean um like I mean um um the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around um um like uh so you know each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of a so okay well uh um you know heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm like well like I mean you know okay Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew well so okay you know so okay up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father like I mean so okay you know um worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family you know so okay um okay I mean didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and so so like um so like became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt I mean um you know like like you know not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his I mean okay okay I mean like so cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively uh well well so uh so to the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do okay uh I mean like so so not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above uh uh um okay I mean um they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not done okay well I mean um well uh. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed like okay I mean I mean well uh as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the I mean like I mean like you know um Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the uh um uh uh well okay slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in well you know so you know you know so the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald uh okay I mean um I mean like Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most like uh you know uh uh so famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He I mean okay uh I mean um well has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition well like uh so uh um begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work. It like so like I mean well uh seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that well you know um so okay okay you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the reviews okay like um well okay like with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to do like well well so I mean well a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to thank everyone uh well you know I mean so I mean again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys that well okay I mean I mean um uh didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions made like like um you know you know well Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing. I've well like well well like like been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a good five uh like you know so I mean um months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I think okay like I mean well so um I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's um like you know um well okay me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and uh you know like okay you know you know we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that well well like like um uh they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin you know well well I mean well so Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this well uh um uh okay you know episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have so like uh you know um well been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson you know so um well well uh. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're like like like uh well like back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you I mean you know like uh okay so around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday uh um well like well I mean arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason okay okay um uh I mean well. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to give uh okay well like I mean you know a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have people so you know well you know um um listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like Hey, so I mean okay like uh like we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually had you know you know like so uh I mean a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach I mean well you know well you know I mean out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for uh um you know well so uh the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email okay um I mean I mean uh well where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far if so um okay um you know okay you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you you know so well like well well about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way like I mean okay um I mean so to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow like um um like okay uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will I mean okay uh okay okay like distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast you know like um well okay well and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum I mean you know so I mean well you know listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free I mean so uh you know you know well anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I well well like okay well well wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest so well you know so I mean like way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are okay um okay uh okay okay actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software well well uh you know okay uh to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet you know so I mean I mean uh well a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different like uh so so so um software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we so like I mean you know uh uh need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my well I mean okay um I mean well computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the so uh you know um I mean okay opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your I mean um well okay I mean okay own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to um so well uh um um Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting I mean okay um so you know I mean topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater um you know uh like um like pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's well like uh you know uh um / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream uh okay uh well like you know / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want okay so I mean so uh um to thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is you know well um I mean I mean like episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm um so you know I mean well uh just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to you know you know uh uh uh well all of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 well uh so like um you know and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his uh um uh like like so favorite subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't well like uh um so so wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome I mean okay uh I mean um like to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started I mean I mean I mean uh um um real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty okay I mean okay like um like of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you okay so so so well like know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want I mean so well um well I mean to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy okay um like uh so you know this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast um okay I mean well well uh. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your like like I mean okay I mean like podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So like I mean like like okay um you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many okay well I mean uh uh okay more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make like well like you know uh uh a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started uh well you know well you know um at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give uh so well I mean okay I mean them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book I mean so I mean okay so so The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I so like so you know like uh rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is I mean uh I mean well I mean uh your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, like I mean I mean well well like and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this like okay uh um so like episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of you know so okay I mean I mean well things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode so like well uh you know like. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about I mean you know um okay you know well We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its like okay well like so I mean seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this I mean um okay so so uh podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of you know well uh okay um like American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio like um okay I mean I mean um manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr so well um well uh you know. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said like like like I mean uh I mean that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going uh uh well you know okay like to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every uh so so uh um uh one of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA okay okay you know well okay so. We believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little okay so well well okay you know bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we I mean you know I mean uh uh I mean can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this so um um okay uh uh as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined uh you know you know well you know uh enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe I well I mean I mean like I mean like can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it so um so so well like was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on uh I mean well um you know okay the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries uh so okay you know well like websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in I mean okay I mean okay so I mean your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily you know well so um so um devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3 like so um um well okay. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people uh like like okay uh uh wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and I mean so uh well I mean I mean the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys well like you know so I mean I mean know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about so um like you know so I mean anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free so well you know um like um. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from uh so like uh uh so your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor okay um um well so so Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify like I mean um like okay okay Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast um uh you know like uh well with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need okay so uh okay you know well to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to um so okay well um you know Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans uh I mean well okay um uh. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye like okay well um like you know content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the so so um you know so you know ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little like like you know okay like well bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and well okay okay um uh like welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a um I mean so you know so you know certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom to three you know like uh okay you know you know teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard it all trust me, like like okay uh I mean you know they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I mean I mean I mean um uh uh I just love to help moms like you find ways to navigate life in I mean okay I mean well okay so the thick of it and find a way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes after like uh well well um so they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and so uh well uh uh you know how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't like um like well like like somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called okay so like you know um you know basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and you know so okay so I mean like subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a so you know I mean you know well you know column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you well so so okay okay so were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You so I mean okay you know I mean I mean were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you well well okay I mean so um were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you you know uh well well so well can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that well you know so you know um um in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may I mean well you know I mean uh you know find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden um well I mean uh well like frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and well you know uh um well I mean echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with okay um okay you know so you know her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered like so you know okay so okay that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of well I mean like well um uh eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't you know um okay you know like well provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's well you know you know so so so number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I you know you know you know I mean so like must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend. I went back okay you know so you know okay like home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you are doing this uh I mean I mean okay I mean I mean. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son all this um uh well I mean well well while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit like um um you know like so. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you know so um well uh you know so we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs now today well you know um I mean uh like. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of you who've so well okay okay um I mean been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting uh uh um okay um you know ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had like you know okay okay like I mean a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some so I mean I mean so so you know you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there I mean well so I mean you know um. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with um uh you know so I mean uh a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting like um so so I mean um to get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2. First of um um you know like well well all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time. My name is uh so like I mean I mean like Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching out into okay uh like like um well Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, I so like okay like like well am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist because okay I mean um I mean like well I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie you know so so so so I mean is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also well okay you know you know um uh delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video so um I mean you know okay um series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off I mean uh like well I mean so. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it so like I mean I mean uh um seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of well like you know so like okay the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly uh uh okay you know you know um. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually uh like uh you know so I mean really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't I mean you know like I mean you know um you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February well so um um you know um 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your well uh um I mean okay like host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now okay well so you know uh so dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g so uh like I mean so like hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he you know so like you know um well got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played uh okay well um well um podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and you know okay well um um well until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm like uh well like you know um a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm like uh well you know well well playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners like okay you know okay uh um before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank uh so uh uh I mean um our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to okay okay I mean so okay uh make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use um like like like like okay it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know um you know well well um from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets so uh uh okay okay uh for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can um you know I mean um uh uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need I mean so okay um well so to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or okay I mean I mean you know you know you know go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works well I mean okay so you know um. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely um um uh uh okay well just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love okay you know like I mean okay uh. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which like uh like so so well is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking like what okay I mean I mean well so well in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? Well, okay uh like well uh uh there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like a lot well um um so well so of people kind of take that in just one way which is like how like so uh uh um um you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights I mean um um you know like like for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints um I mean I mean um so like. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode I mean uh you know uh okay well is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast well well like so so so. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is I mean like I mean I mean um you know free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit uh okay uh okay uh well your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your so okay okay well you know okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many okay I mean like like um okay more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one okay well okay well um well place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started um okay I mean well um you know this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through I mean you know okay so I mean well a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying down on your you know okay like okay you know um back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also do this um okay uh I mean uh you know in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make sure that your okay like um so so okay back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you have your okay I mean okay um um so legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your feet Flat on the ground I mean um um you know um I mean ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find either you're sitting or you're laying um like like uh okay you know position with your hands, I want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs you know okay like like I mean so identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top so I mean I mean so like you know now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after well so I mean like I mean I mean show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of War uh so um okay like so. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and we I mean uh like you know well I mean have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am so like okay uh uh okay joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up uh okay you know like like you know guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in uh like like well like so that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding uh like okay like I mean like to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the well I mean well so you know I mean middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so okay well like I mean uh uh emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm well I mean um so I mean like. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today um so uh uh I mean like you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so uh I mean okay um uh like great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most well okay you know um so okay loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her so I mean I mean uh uh okay with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My okay uh uh you know you know you know number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures um like so well well I mean the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying you know I mean so okay so well my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like okay well like you know well like to keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real quick okay you know so um uh well was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you that um I mean well um um like much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always uh you know like you know you know like had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew um um well uh I mean like had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited for I mean um I mean like uh so today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what like I mean I mean well so I mean it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So okay okay okay okay um um today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and you know I mean well um well so why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys I mean well you know um uh okay wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that uh you know so so so uh really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So so you know um like I mean you know the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? you know okay uh like I mean uh I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's well um like um I mean okay been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we you know I mean like um so okay recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did well uh like well like so. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets I mean uh like uh um you know recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a well you know um well like okay little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way uh um like well like so that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro uh you know uh I mean like I mean after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this you know you know uh you know I mean you know this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it well uh uh you know okay uh works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set okay well I mean so I mean well this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting well okay so um like well service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it uh so like I mean well okay comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You uh like well um so like name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They like you know like um I mean um have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back when I mean okay so um so uh I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how to uh so so I mean well well record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I like you know um you know you know like mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you know um you know you know so well you can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- um okay um so okay okay to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this like um uh I mean okay you know and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain uh I mean um you know uh uh access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner um uh um well I mean well workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a um um um I mean you know okay short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written um um okay like well uh and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious uh you know um okay you know like truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and you um like like um you know so can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is you know I mean um okay uh like released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, you know um I mean you know um okay let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the like well I mean like I mean okay anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast you know okay um you know I mean I mean if to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special so uh I mean like okay um guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work um I mean like um okay well out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of uh um well well so okay weeks. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is fun okay you know so um um you know to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's your like well like well you know I mean host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to speculate so uh like well uh I mean. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad uh like like well okay uh. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's uh well um like I mean you know right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a while since okay okay well you know you know well we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so so so like uh well uh many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little break well uh um uh well um in between and now we have to catch up and record one like every week so uh so um so um or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I uh uh so well I mean so love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's you know like well I mean uh you know a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy um like you know you know you know I mean it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class like I mean like I mean uh okay is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This so um uh I mean like okay is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the you know okay um so you know um scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me um I mean like well like um this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill uh well so like um I mean. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here um um uh I mean okay I mean at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm uh you know I mean you know so um on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and okay I mean uh uh you know like I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a well uh um I mean I mean like sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today like I mean well okay okay uh with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today like I mean okay so uh um is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so so like okay you know well you know hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on okay uh okay um you know uh this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I like I mean like like okay um could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now so well I mean um I mean well before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time well okay uh like well you know. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that okay like I mean um uh so America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal well um um I mean um well development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also is our I mean uh you know well um well next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is the founder uh like well you know I mean okay of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity is to give I mean uh well so like I mean people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage and honor. I'll like uh um you know you know well get into more detail about because I said it would in the interview, but okay so so you know uh so for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, so well well um okay like and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we mean I mean uh well you know okay you know them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement uh uh like you know um um telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in the future I mean you know uh um okay like you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised okay okay well well you know well. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that you know so well well I mean well I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a I mean okay I mean like okay okay little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things you know I mean um so uh you know surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt um like um you know uh um here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse I mean you know I mean uh okay uh 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the uh uh I mean I mean well I mean week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews like I mean like you know you know well. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for um uh well uh you know so Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's okay I mean well you know I mean uh Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when well um uh um uh uh a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what um okay uh I mean well I mean we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a okay so so I mean um okay bit of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of I mean like I mean well okay I mean wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor um okay uh um um um of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this um so uh like so I mean reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief like so um uh like so got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working of natural causes well uh well uh okay um choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going um I mean okay well so well to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has like so uh so like so the ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive so um so so okay you know thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive so so like well I mean well this healing ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People well I mean um I mean I mean uh who are connected with his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to um you know I mean I mean like so create this meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week. Okay, so um uh I mean um well we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but I'm well like like well you know well I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've um you know I mean like well um ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in uh you know like um well like and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind well you know um so okay so within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad so so like you know um I mean. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We like uh well like I mean like were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm well like um uh um like emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her um you know I mean so like like drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I um well okay well so you know do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he so so I mean well so like just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her um um um you know okay so very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down okay okay well I mean I mean um today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of uh like um um like you know the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first and so you know um so um well then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are well you know well well I mean um. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and I've I mean uh uh uh like so got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this little okay I mean um so uh well cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne I mean okay well I mean you know okay self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever um you know um okay like you know come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out um uh okay well okay okay of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to okay well you know so I mean you know hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team um okay like um like so. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment okay um so like well I mean ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster so like uh um I mean I mean University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is you know I mean you know you know uh I mean undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about I mean uh okay like okay you know the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to you know I mean uh uh uh uh make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's you know well so you know so well free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and well um you know like so so edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your I mean okay you know okay okay okay podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any you know um I mean okay um okay pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast I mean uh so I mean uh um and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make like you know um so like well a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or so so like I mean you know so check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you um well like like like well right there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or um well so I mean um you know whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you okay okay um well so so put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you like uh so um I mean like do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter like okay I mean uh so I mean podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name um uh okay um so um Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite I mean so I mean okay I mean well childhood book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are um I mean you know okay okay well reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that okay I mean so so like well I can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny like I mean like so uh I mean. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes okay um so so um uh make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do um like well well I mean I mean that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name so okay well um I mean like is Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the I mean well so well okay um first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in um so you know like so uh love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long well I mean you know I mean um well time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back so okay like like well um for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit okay so um you know you know so more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting well I mean well well well um more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're um so uh so um so in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my goodness, so I mean like like okay well dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know like I mean well okay well um I mean Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, like okay I mean you know um uh it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush um okay you know you know uh okay mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite um okay like I mean so like songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in well um well um okay uh like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh well okay like uh uh like. This is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you so you know I mean okay uh um our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to uh I mean um okay so you know the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch like you know uh well I mean okay the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it I mean okay well you know you know well pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in well I mean okay okay uh uh all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that I mean you know I mean like I mean um idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds you know like uh well like okay like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the um uh well uh so okay metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the uh well so so so um investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and I mean you know I mean you know um okay join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after um okay you know you know I mean so an Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad okay um so so okay like to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to I mean so uh you know I mean uh be here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty uh uh like um I mean okay good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes you know uh um well you know so but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level like I mean well uh like I mean who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on um you know you know so you know uh Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by um I mean uh okay you know you know day Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community well you know uh so like like and does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado you know well I mean you know well uh. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the I mean um um um well uh record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and uh like I mean I mean uh uh confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week you know uh um I mean so I mean has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some well well like okay okay um issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of like okay I mean okay um I mean when people would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways okay um like well uh I mean for me to be able to kind of marry that anger that I have I mean I mean you know you know um um inside with the positivity that I also have inside. We all go through that I well uh um um um um guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, I mean I mean I mean uh I mean uh like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will uh uh I mean I mean um um be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and uh um um well okay well to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the uh you know I mean um okay like memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and okay uh well I mean you know okay greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let like okay uh I mean I mean I mean anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the okay um um uh uh uh invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for you know okay I mean I mean I mean uh Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and well uh you know um like I mean he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit uh you know like like you know so different. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story you know you know uh so uh so is going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want well okay so well okay like you to listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going like I mean I mean like well well to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour uh I mean so so uh well episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug um like uh I mean well okay but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to hear um like you know well well uh about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different so I mean like um uh well storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me like I mean I mean I mean okay okay know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about uh okay like you know okay uh anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is so so um so uh uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are so uh okay you know uh well creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well I mean I mean uh okay uh phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your so um uh so okay well podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and uh you know so like you know well many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so okay so uh so uh like don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to uh I mean so um okay I mean get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up uh like okay like uh I mean you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and you know um so uh uh uh it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks well um okay well you know okay. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or okay so um uh I mean so at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music uh so so so you know I mean Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the I mean well uh like well okay music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the uh I mean um well I mean you know show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the music uh okay okay okay like so plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to introduce like you know you know I mean I mean like him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play like you know uh well like um the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well um you know uh like you know me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and you know like you know um so um edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you so uh okay I mean I mean I mean. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money well um so well you know you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast I mean I mean um well like so in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped okay like you know uh you know uh. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back I mean you know well well um I mean to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all you know um um you know uh okay. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back I mean so uh okay uh you know. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be you know so um uh like you know back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so okay I mean so like well I mean far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions uh okay um you know well uh as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd so like um like like uh like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are I mean I mean so I mean you know um sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise I mean so um like like I mean you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy so uh you know well you know okay. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up so you know I mean okay well uh with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours uh okay like okay like okay countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic um so uh um I mean uh plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem um so um um okay like is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put I mean um I mean um so I mean extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of well you know you know uh so like all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, I mean I mean um like um so Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay okay I mean uh uh well like. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you know well you know uh so okay you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you you know okay I mean like I mean um fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is like uh okay uh so you know flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said um so okay you know uh okay I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's um I mean um uh like so the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been like you know like so well well a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 uh uh uh well well uh built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing like you know um I mean uh like had girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he like I mean okay like you know uh do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? okay I mean so well um okay Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else I mean um well like um uh had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to you know well uh so uh so learn especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant so you know you know um well okay to be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging um well um like I mean like. So I do need to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting um you know um you know like so up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an you know uh okay okay like you know EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in okay like like uh okay okay the background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you well um so uh like I mean grab a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just I mean uh um well like um wanted to thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week so okay um uh like okay continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them well well well uh uh okay it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite uh um so so uh well the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were uh I mean uh so uh uh writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a well okay you know okay okay well New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week you know okay um so uh well if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't like so um uh okay well caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is like you know uh uh like so episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these I mean like like you know uh like are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in so well okay uh I mean well college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and like uh uh you know I mean uh the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds you know so I mean so like like. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if so you know I mean okay I mean uh anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could I mean like uh um like well go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter uh you know well uh so well My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann so you know I mean okay you know okay Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I mean I mean like like well you know I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but well like uh um well uh I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, well I mean um um okay so we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is well uh so you know uh okay sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder I mean so so I mean so so people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
