Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night um uh uh so well um okay toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but you know I mean like so I mean so um don't brush too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking well I mean uh you know okay like you know about different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, you know like so you know okay like I mean one of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a I mean uh so you know uh like so kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the well okay I mean well you know uh like cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real you know okay um uh so you know um good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with so okay so like you know okay um golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the well so okay I mean so you know well phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for I mean I mean so like uh so okay True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that I mean you know like well so like well you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also well like um well you know I mean okay has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am uh so like you know like um you know I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is okay um I mean um you know well okay correct. So true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about like you know so well like well okay the middle of last year and then you know, we have a uh like okay um you know uh like hockey Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true uh I mean uh you know uh you know you know. So it made sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed well you know you know um so you know I mean to True Temper sports or to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, um um like you know uh like I mean we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine you know um so well okay well so playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been I mean well uh I mean okay so so a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've I mean well okay like I mean I mean okay gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been well I mean like like um well okay on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few uh uh I mean um you know well I mean ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting well I mean you know uh okay okay uh down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're so well um I mean okay you know um looking back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis you know um I mean okay I mean um so. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals uh okay um um so like like of the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems okay okay uh okay so well okay as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is you know uh um um you know uh like career for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day so um like uh like uh I mean to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your I mean so I mean I mean um uh I mean podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis um I mean um like uh you know I mean star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the like like you know well okay I mean um podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some uh uh you know like I mean like well reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little like okay like okay uh uh well bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're uh like uh like um I mean okay going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping them I mean like I mean you know so like okay out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened well you know okay like so you know well up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a well well I mean I mean you know uh I mean listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the okay I mean uh uh well um okay question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept that is I mean um I mean like you know uh like this If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold. I feel like I mean well uh you know um uh um this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do uh uh so well I mean well okay you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as okay so well I mean you know you know like you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us for uh um like so you know um I mean the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough uh like like like well um like signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured I mean I mean you know so you know I mean I mean walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work you know uh you know well okay uh so in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing okay well so you know like uh I mean for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge I mean um uh well I mean you know I mean advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's like well um okay well uh uh well I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you well um um uh well I mean uh don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many good. Good commercial grade uh um well like well so like Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw like like well I mean uh okay um e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can okay um you know okay um so like download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on training, um um uh like okay like I mean but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So uh so so like like I mean I mean as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies um like you know um you know um well and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see I mean uh so well okay well well cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety um okay okay you know so okay uh seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone okay okay you know okay um so um who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at I mean well so okay like okay uh the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm like like so okay I mean okay I mean trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a okay so um so uh okay you know wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's uh you know okay like so you know well because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring you know um um I mean uh so like in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to well you know um I mean like like um start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just started well I mean you know like like okay like. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah um so um um you know you know you know. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode um you know I mean like uh um uh includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive okay so uh I mean so you know uh. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It um okay I mean okay I mean um um was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain I mean uh okay um well uh um snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water uh um okay okay so um uh. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in uh uh uh so like well you know the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his I mean well um you know okay I mean you know gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath uh well so um so um you know the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child so like I mean okay um I mean I mean trafficking this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a so okay like you know so uh uh huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually you know so uh um um I mean uh going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has um I mean so well okay um like infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are I mean well okay okay like so so going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages so so I mean uh I mean you know uh. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard uh so well well well uh uh about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real like I mean like um well you know so quick and let you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow I mean well like I mean um uh well you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends uh like well I mean I mean okay you know Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and well well well so um okay so that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast like I mean well I mean uh you know you know where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of uh I mean well uh um well well going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the like I mean so like you know I mean well ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years you know okay so so like um well. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and like okay uh uh you know uh I mean learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that you know like you know you know okay well I mean incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just like you build okay you know so so I mean um you know with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told um um uh I mean you know you know um I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the so well uh I mean well um like Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough together well okay okay like um well you know to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the other I mean okay well you know um okay well way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry, um uh well so uh uh you know if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up like like um so like well um. Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active so okay well um well like uh Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on I mean like uh like I mean I mean like that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a okay you know uh I mean you know you know so total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually you know like so you know I mean um well opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with so well uh uh like well okay self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series so well well um um like you know were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and you know um I mean so so okay well their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned like okay well uh okay so I mean and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of okay you know um well um uh so the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week you know you know well um um you know uh. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So well uh like you know well like uh make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family uh like so like uh you know okay to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and like I mean like you know like uh um I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get um I mean uh you know uh you know I mean into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast I mean so you know you know I mean um so. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up I mean so I mean you know uh I mean I mean Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I well so I mean like um um um think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We um um you know I mean so well uh are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that well okay I mean um you know I mean um every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look uh you know you know like you know okay um like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're like um like well okay like well really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna okay okay I mean like um well okay guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast. Well, uh you know I mean I mean okay well um actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app well you know so I mean okay um so that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is well um uh I mean um um well an idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything um um uh uh uh you know I mean you need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from um well uh so well uh so your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to I mean you know uh well you know um like get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do so uh like well um well like in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited well so I mean uh well so um because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with I mean well okay so I mean I mean okay only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your uh well uh okay um well like morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for okay um uh um like like okay debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear uh so I mean so I mean well I mean perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by like so well you know um I mean I mean Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast I mean like okay okay like okay you know the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him I mean uh well like I mean like okay off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm I mean uh like um like um uh at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is I mean so okay you know you know so you know about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple okay like you know you know you know like so do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you want uh like well so uh um you know to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just like so um well uh uh well want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free so well you know uh like okay you know and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can so you know uh um so well you know record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel okay so so so um um like far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it well you know so like okay so I mean at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads so you know okay like uh uh okay all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got um like so so so so so a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's you know you know so okay um so okay time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top like like you know so well okay uh of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week well I mean like I mean okay you know you know where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story uh so um you know like okay well of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people um well so you know you know so uh who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more you know well um well okay like okay than 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her well well so well uh well you know world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't well so okay um uh like uh figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case um okay so uh um well well we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like uh I mean um you know you know okay like that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We you know like I mean you know um you know okay couldn't have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story um okay um like okay okay like because It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% I mean like you know you know uh I mean you know of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but like you know like like so like uh the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March 2nd like okay okay well so so well 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games well you know like like well okay you know and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and um like I mean okay well well so satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice you know okay um well um um I mean. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the like so like okay like well you know copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase uh um so well like uh uh Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out okay I mean um um okay like uh to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again like uh uh so well uh uh for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the so uh so okay you know uh okay fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he like like I mean okay like uh like rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain you know like okay you know okay you know um spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a uh like you know uh so uh okay prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have an like like you know uh okay so I mean evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood will um like you know um I mean well I mean flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured um I mean so like um like so by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his sin well like you know like um okay uh had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you you know like like so well you know you know so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you okay so so uh uh I mean you know enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that okay you know you know uh okay okay um will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing um I mean you know I mean okay well uh. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, um like you know well okay like well you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We hope well um well um so you know uh you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you you know okay you know like okay you know um so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of you know I mean well well okay um uh weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive I mean you know like okay okay like I mean us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning you know you know um well uh uh uh. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best you know um like you know well um well for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the well well um well you know okay you know easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their like you know I mean I mean you know well um creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone well okay well I mean uh you know uh or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can okay uh I mean so I mean you know I mean be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really imagine okay well uh okay okay I mean so you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything so so um well um well so you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app okay um um uh well okay like. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to um I mean I mean well I mean uh okay get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad so so so I mean I mean um okay and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a well you know well well I mean you know you know good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My you know okay well uh well so so my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City okay um I mean like so I mean like Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL like uh uh like I mean you know so Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more. It's another like okay um okay uh so uh short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment is going you know you know um well um well so to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show okay I mean like like like so so. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it well okay um uh um well I mean. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just so uh so uh well I mean so going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend well like okay uh uh okay okay and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game you know I mean um you know you know like you know and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick um so well so um okay so minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, uh okay like well um you know um it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's um so well um well uh okay free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um well um I mean so you know okay right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can I mean uh uh uh I mean uh like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make you know like um you know so um um money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys you know well okay well uh I mean so it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free so uh okay okay so okay so anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to um I mean so like um okay like the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen I mean like I mean I mean well so so to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free I mean so uh well you know like okay without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every well um okay so you know well uh imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss like like okay okay um um okay an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily I mean okay well you know okay well well share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't okay like so okay you know well well done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for like so so you know okay I mean okay Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make well you know um okay um well um sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily well like you know like um like you know. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart like you know so I mean well so like way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find your like okay I mean uh well okay you know most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get cornered uh okay well uh um you know like into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this opportunity to I mean um you know you know like you know like make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have theories. I you know so well so like well um have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay here. Stop setting up okay uh you know uh okay you know uh your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's become evident that A like you know like I mean well uh I mean participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are my confessions. To you know well um you know um you know I mean get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's um okay like so so okay like episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you know like so so like well I mean you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni I mean I mean like like well uh uh and I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia okay uh um uh you know um well stop who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, okay okay uh so well you know uh if you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning uh like uh well like well I mean that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she okay like you know I mean like I mean uh did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be you know I mean like uh okay okay you know brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally um well you know I mean you know um um happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with I mean you know so okay so so well uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated okay you know uh um I mean so okay and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went so uh okay you know like like well through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which I mean you know well I mean so um okay is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools I mean like like well uh so uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so I mean you know I mean um okay well computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on well you know well well like uh like Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money I mean so so okay so like well from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a you know uh okay you know uh so so month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think so uh okay so I mean um well it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and okay okay I mean okay I mean um okay do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you um you know like you know okay so you know need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app like okay I mean okay so like so or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one okay like like I mean um um you know Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the well so well like um like uh 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking you know well well okay uh okay um about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast uh um um you know you know uh okay on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies in okay okay like I mean I mean like so my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know send me um like um okay well like uh yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that from Krista, so don't so um so uh um um well take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure you give me a so um okay you know so um you know Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have TVs on okay you know well you know well I mean like my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from uh okay you know okay okay so well like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's um you know um so I mean like uh fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it may not I mean I mean okay um I mean you know you know even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we went so you know um I mean okay so well to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and okay uh like uh like so okay Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann well you know you know like you know well okay and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with you know you know uh you know okay you know well well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you like so I mean um well I mean okay live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this uh okay like uh so I mean uh is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to um uh okay uh you know like so introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this so so I mean like so so I mean to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should um okay you know so um so okay you listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction like I mean uh well okay so you know to kind of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our well um well I mean um uh you know hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God so like um uh okay like you know. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific well I mean uh okay I mean uh like embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go well well okay uh so so so first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I like uh okay like uh you know I mean see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic okay you know you know well um well uh and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga one issue you know uh so um I mean uh you know at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question you know well uh I mean well you know so. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said you know like like like you know um like this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast you know okay well well um well okay. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was uh you know like so uh well um I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode you know so okay like like so you know. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good okay I mean so you know I mean well well book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love you know um okay like you know uh so this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U um well uh well you know well like s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart okay well I mean so like I mean uh here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a well well uh okay you know you know like sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How so so well so um you know well is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed okay uh you know so I mean like like ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like okay so so uh you know well okay we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I like like like well you know so well woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, well I mean like I mean I mean so I mean and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason like okay uh well like um like game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like like I mean um so like well okay what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was just you know so um um well uh so like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real back like um you know so you know uh I mean in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give well I mean well I mean I mean I mean like you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of you know you know like well um well I mean your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium I mean um you know like uh okay uh account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the uh uh uh so uh so okay one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never uh uh uh like I mean well uh miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And um well you know like well um like if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline uh I mean well I mean well um uh no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be like like like you know okay okay okay sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the like um you know well like uh I mean your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of okay so um so well okay you know which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships uh well uh okay um well um daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup uh well like uh I mean so okay part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal so like you know uh you know um okay trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this um you know you know like okay okay well episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, you know so you know I mean I mean you know okay essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that you know um okay I mean you know well so they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan okay I mean okay you know well uh well. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one uh well uh I mean well I mean like minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little you know uh you know you know okay I mean well bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules well well you know uh you know you know well and regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it so uh so I mean um uh um up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll uh uh I mean uh um okay I mean say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all uh so I mean um well um so you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got like uh well uh you know um okay. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the okay uh okay like okay well like people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on well well uh I mean well so I mean your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm you know so uh okay you know like okay not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year so um like um okay well you know old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would okay uh so like so so okay die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later so well I mean okay well so um. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic you know well like okay like okay um nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under I mean I mean you know so uh like well 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who I mean okay I mean okay you know okay so was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm uh um um like well um well pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live so okay like you know well I mean well training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power uh well like you know I mean uh um of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places uh you know um like well I mean like at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is uh I mean you know uh um okay uh this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get you know you know I mean well so uh like into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of so okay uh I mean you know so so weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that you know okay so well so well okay leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will okay you know well so so okay I mean enter them into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I okay well well okay like so like just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine uh I mean well I mean um um um spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose so so well so okay like well. I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your um so um you know like well uh light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics um okay well well I mean well uh share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience okay I mean like I mean okay uh um. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy okay uh I mean okay you know well I mean emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So well like um you know um I mean so it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to have so uh uh okay I mean okay uh a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement um so um uh okay like um on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt well uh um uh so okay I mean. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top um um okay you know okay um okay graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I um um like um I mean like okay put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off like like well so okay like um too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a okay uh okay okay so I mean well rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is uh um well um okay I mean you know working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because like well I mean so like I mean uh I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn um well okay like okay um I mean in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and so so like uh like well okay reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach like okay so I mean um I mean okay Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all you know uh well uh well I mean okay the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we just say um like um well you know you know I mean that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere light you know I mean I mean uh you know like so some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in this ghost pants so um uh like um like so or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done done. Don't want with uh uh well I mean uh so well bitches or whatever the hell this is all you see is the creepy alien going you know okay well I mean like you know okay crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm okay you know okay so I mean I mean okay here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and well okay okay you know like um you know advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the I mean well well um I mean you know so industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be well you know well you know uh like uh talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier I mean I mean well you know so okay okay. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my like uh okay like I mean like uh very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for um I mean okay okay okay I mean you know over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do um well so you know so like so it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor so okay so well uh I mean okay if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of well I mean I mean um so well so our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just uh you know so like um I mean okay break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you I mean okay um like well um um have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that okay I mean like uh well you know you know you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer I mean you know uh you know I mean um uh wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple um like you know like um uh um podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from your well so um um I mean like uh podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which I mean um you know I mean so well well is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in like you know you know you know well so well one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F like so okay um well uh you know m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and I'll so like I mean okay like okay so look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it you know like well uh uh like so. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then you know um I mean okay so okay um fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's so well um I mean you know like well what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a well um so uh so I mean like stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I so okay okay like I mean I mean uh think my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? I mean uh well I mean like I mean well Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and uh um like okay well so like I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of solely well well so um so like uh if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to I mean um like uh I mean um I mean hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates like okay you know so uh well well. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today um I mean I mean you know so I mean well in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you need? uh okay uh I mean well um well Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man is um like um I mean like I mean okay who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who um well okay uh I mean okay um has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He is of like you know like well um okay uh the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three I mean well like so okay well like decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from um okay I mean I mean uh like I mean everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found someone. I um so you know you know I mean you know like have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin okay uh you know well well um like our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been so so well well um um like my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon okay you know okay well well you know well. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave I mean uh like uh okay well um me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would so okay um okay like okay so take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm you know you know uh I mean you know uh um not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So like well okay um uh so you know today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be well uh so um so uh uh joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st well I mean you know well so okay you know. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess so I mean um um um uh like experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was well uh you know like um um well it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard like um I mean okay okay I mean you know about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want um well you know you know you know like so to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's so you know I mean well um uh so a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your well so you know so okay um like phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not um well um um I mean so you know how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast like so well like like um I mean for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher um you know so uh I mean like like many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership like okay I mean like okay um I mean. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download um okay uh okay well I mean so the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And uh like well well okay so I mean now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you so like uh like uh you know uh about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess so uh um you know you know well so what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other okay well um so like you know I mean podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's I mean well well well I mean uh I mean not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode well I mean like um so well um of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You you know I mean you know you know you know um well complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All I mean like okay well uh um I mean right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's you know um okay uh uh so well done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did the so well uh like so uh I mean intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait I mean uh um I mean like uh okay to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this well so uh um I mean okay okay is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can like um well you know you know so so tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to so I mean like I mean well uh uh get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh okay um you know like okay like you know I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk about and um like so um uh well like it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's not well so like you know so I mean well get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films well like okay so like you know you know podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God um um um like like like so. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly okay well well so uh uh I mean about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and I mean so you know um I mean uh like one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is so uh well well you know I mean well great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these well well okay I mean well um um days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an well I mean you know like uh well I mean episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and okay well you know uh uh so so premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you like so well I mean um okay well are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already like well okay um uh I mean I mean but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify well uh um uh so okay um app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the uh I mean like I mean you know I mean like you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never you know I mean like like um I mean okay miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode like uh um so you know you know okay. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we well like well so so well uh take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out you know like you know I mean I mean uh um mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of you know you know so um uh well okay thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real so okay well so so I mean well nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and well uh like like I mean okay um side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the you know okay well um um well uh easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody so um I mean like well okay uh loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free uh like uh you know well uh okay things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit you know like like you know well like okay your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your like you know um I mean okay um like podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these like um so okay I mean so like platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money like um uh I mean um okay I mean from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all well well okay you know um I mean well in one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F I mean um uh okay so you know uh m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast you know um okay you know you know like like for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards you know I mean like I mean okay like okay Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget like like okay okay well I mean well to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back I mean like well well so okay uh in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency you know well okay you know like um I mean speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about the okay um uh so so so you know speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you you know well so okay uh so I mean grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of okay you know well you know um so uh life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I so um um okay I mean uh so calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of so well um you know so you know uh making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath I mean so uh you know so uh you know of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher uh like so um like uh so than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast um well uh okay um like um. I really appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible okay uh so okay well so um in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we well like well well you know um I mean don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about you know I mean so so like I mean okay it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite well so uh okay so like like unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to you know okay like well so um okay 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother okay um well you know I mean um you know John and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There you know like um you know like um okay in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today as um so I mean uh uh so well you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just do pause, I mean like okay okay well uh so but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd want to so you know uh okay I mean uh okay say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode. I um uh okay like you know I mean uh would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where um uh well um you know well I mean you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available like you know you know like okay well I mean to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We I mean I mean like like um okay so discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World so um you know well I mean you know you know be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We so okay um you know okay so so were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and okay so so you know like uh well feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing um I mean so so well well like scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements so you know you know so okay well uh and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please I mean uh you know well um uh I mean feel free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team okay um uh uh uh okay um on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have okay I mean like uh well well like a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I uh well um like you know okay okay don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening so well I mean okay you know like so by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way I mean I mean um well uh uh um to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and um um um you know I mean you know uh a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how um um you know um okay um you know to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way uh you know um um uh I mean I mean to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit like I mean you know okay uh I mean you know the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave okay well well um so I mean uh messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that uh okay uh like you know you know so by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast I mean I mean you know okay like you know you know for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so you know you know you know like like so okay many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even well okay um like um so like heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening so okay okay so uh like like to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep so um so like uh uh uh in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All um okay okay well um okay like right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John so uh well uh like uh I mean. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and uh I mean you know um like um I mean since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums. And I you know well uh so um you know uh am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do a this um so I mean um uh like I mean is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so this will be fun you know okay uh well so uh so. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm okay well well I mean you know um um procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost so like I mean so okay like I mean seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my um I mean I mean uh I mean um um focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago I mean you know okay um okay uh so. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so so uh well okay okay like okay I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me as um you know so um you know okay you know always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this I mean so um you know I mean well I mean entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around I mean um so uh so uh you know your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of I mean well um you know um uh um travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling so I mean okay uh uh okay uh and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In like um uh like so uh you know the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered well like you know like okay you know you know the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to I mean um um um I mean uh uh Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover okay you know um you know uh like I mean or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday okay uh you know I mean uh you know okay morning to cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are like um like you know I mean well I mean back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily uh so so so so I mean so stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views so I mean okay so well like like and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 like uh okay you know um okay um episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is okay uh like I mean um like uh actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is you know well I mean so like um like a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather well so okay um okay so you know has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age well you know like uh um uh you know. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health well okay so well well like so and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold uh uh uh so I mean well um down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast um so like uh you know like you know Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited like uh okay you know you know I mean um and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to uh well uh okay um uh uh announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would you know okay um like you know um well like to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll well I mean well like uh okay um speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in 2008 well well I mean uh I mean I mean you know. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from I mean uh you know I mean okay like um Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But I mean uh uh uh so well um this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about you know um um okay um I mean so starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's uh like okay uh well I mean you know the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, uh uh like so uh well like it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that um like uh well you know so uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know okay you know uh I mean you know so computer. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can I mean I mean well um you know well well be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on you know like you know uh like um uh eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your like like I mean like okay well I mean podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need like so uh uh I mean okay okay to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor well you know so uh like so so app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in I mean so so uh like um well a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you I mean okay uh okay I mean like um that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but so okay okay like you know I mean I mean we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it you know like okay well well uh um is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so well okay um well okay you know well M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am also uh uh so um so I mean well fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I mean uh like so I mean um well I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited um okay uh okay well like okay to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher uh I mean so like um um well award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's like well I mean okay like like uh they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as well. It is I mean you know uh okay well uh okay one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was uh I mean uh well well uh so very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in um okay like okay uh you know well front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again like I mean well you know like I mean okay. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small you know well uh well like um you know lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights um I mean well okay so um I mean here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other uh like I mean um you know well I mean than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a uh I mean um well I mean um well great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement I mean uh um okay you know you know uh in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam. I well you know um well okay um like am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome so okay I mean like you know so okay to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm going to um well so so uh well like be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying to put so uh okay like okay you know uh together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film and so well um well you know okay so put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put you know you know well I mean uh like so it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past okay I mean like well well like like I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan of okay so well um okay I mean you know the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones um well well I mean like okay so with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA you know well um um like you know I mean Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically um I mean I mean well you know well uh what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never um well like you know okay well like have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling uh so okay um you know I mean so flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do uh I mean I mean um well like um. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton okay okay well well I mean uh like. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise um um well uh I mean so you know known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's your I mean okay okay you know okay like okay name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino I mean uh I mean well like like well tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call I mean so uh I mean like okay um me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like to like I mean okay like I mean uh so pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and like um so uh well uh well a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they surged about. It uh um well like like um I mean wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there like like so I mean okay okay so you go you are without electricity today. So we're going to try to make this okay I mean I mean like well uh well a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over there. So I have I mean you know well I mean I mean well you know a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a um okay um well okay okay so bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond uh like well like you know so uh industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them I mean like you know okay like um okay are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that uh well well you know uh you know you know these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few you know okay so um well you know so common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one well I mean like okay okay okay you know year one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is um I mean um well okay like uh that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the so um uh I mean okay okay like US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer uh uh like like so well I mean than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet okay okay well uh um okay I mean sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the uh well okay I mean okay well I mean owner of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a so like you know um um um I mean year. I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with well okay okay okay um um well other postures in the community here. I will talk about all the tips and okay um so like well I mean uh tricks I've Stop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for well you know like like you know okay I mean you to help you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or so so like okay uh well like full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your so well you know so uh okay like host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all okay okay okay well so like um about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are well um you know so okay so okay going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are I mean well like I mean you know um uh used with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are uh uh you know like um like well Back again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new well like okay okay uh um okay. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an like I mean like um so uh I mean American English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to okay uh uh you know um I mean uh speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR so well um so well um so jockey it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with um well like so okay um okay my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very I mean I mean uh okay like um you know distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane well um uh well well um okay heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee popular uh you know you know okay uh you know so here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are 90 Arjun uh well so so okay you know well made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not last okay like you know well you know I mean like long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today I mean like so uh uh like um is Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because okay I mean like okay so um well it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been you know you know you know like um so like on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the I mean uh so uh I mean uh uh theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's so um okay I mean uh uh uh in the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information so you know so like well so I mean on to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the I mean um um um uh well okay link. This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's okay um okay okay I mean like like going to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication I mean so you know so I mean I mean um for you to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks okay well so okay okay uh um. You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need well I mean okay okay well you know so to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a you know I mean I mean okay so so you know neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and like well okay like so okay you know then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2 so um I mean so you know like so. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really uh well you know you know well okay so really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you um uh okay I mean okay I mean okay really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the okay so uh so so um you know podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love like I mean uh uh so so so to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention um um well okay well uh you know the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people like okay like like okay so well just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated well like well okay well you know um to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality I mean so so you know you know uh well disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host you know like like okay you know so okay for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast well uh um so well uh I mean which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health uh um I mean so like I mean well and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need okay um well uh so like I mean them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's uh um I mean you know well so like episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at well I mean so so um I mean well swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of um so okay I mean okay you know okay the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is you know uh well so um uh uh expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for you know so like so you know okay well the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted well like like I mean uh uh so to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this um I mean well like you know okay you know new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going so I mean I mean well um so so forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was okay okay um so you know I mean uh formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, like I mean well I mean well you know so we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended okay so so so okay like like FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no okay uh uh I mean uh like uh additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive uh um like like um you know well step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word um like uh like I mean uh um the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 like so uh uh so well um budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've so so you know um so um I mean selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with I mean uh so okay well so you know additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety I mean well um I mean um so you know across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but you know uh um I mean um okay uh we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not uh well uh so you know well um to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night you know okay like I mean okay uh um. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh well well uh um okay uh well long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be you know you know uh um you know um you know deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global well like you know okay I mean uh I mean celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features so I mean uh uh uh I mean okay marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the uh well okay like okay I mean I mean Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming like you know okay okay well so you know you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to uh so well well okay so uh be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and um well so um you know I mean um I took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of so you know okay I mean so so I mean Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I well so uh so I mean you know okay wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge okay well so uh uh well I mean crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a okay well okay so okay like you know man 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best like like like uh um um um the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and well I mean um I mean okay so okay place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard so I mean so so so so uh out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it up well like well you know um so you know because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics well well well well um uh I mean were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money um like I mean uh uh well you know song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give so okay you know like well uh so me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk okay you know uh well uh okay you know now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have like um I mean you know well I mean okay Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and okay I mean um so well well like ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And as okay well like uh so like um you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we actually didn't uh okay uh so uh uh okay have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly slap you know uh uh so you know well well cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T so like so like I mean so um show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series I mean well you know so so well okay we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate so well you know um I mean so okay you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making um I mean well like okay um okay this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 um well okay so like like like assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, uh uh um well well like so the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of I mean you know well okay uh like you know is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base um you know I mean um so um well prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television you know like so like well so uh and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on I mean um like you know so well you know their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day you know like um you know so well um or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors well you know you know okay well uh okay writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our so like I mean so um well like work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes well um um okay um like I mean it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about I mean well like like so like um. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about okay okay so uh uh I mean um color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop so I mean well well you know you know you know Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming okay like like you know so uh like out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr um um um like okay I mean um. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that was okay uh um so okay I mean I mean very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth attempt you know okay um like like okay okay and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome uh I mean so um well uh you know to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this is a you know you know I mean like I mean um uh this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to so you know I mean like like you know you know be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man uh so so uh I mean so okay he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a uh uh I mean uh um well I mean podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything better I mean um uh uh you know like okay at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and I mean well well uh so so you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also okay you know uh well you know like uh distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many you know uh okay so um um you know more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything so uh okay um okay uh uh you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or okay um I mean so you know um uh go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM to okay I mean okay well okay okay uh get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be immersed by well you know so uh uh I mean well the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you probably uh you know um uh you know you know uh week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this is uh um um like like well like a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning of you know I mean um I mean like uh like a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something I mean you know you know okay I mean so I mean days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the I mean uh um well um uh well following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And I mean uh um uh uh uh you know yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby okay uh you know um okay I mean you know. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive uh okay okay you know uh um so listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister like okay you know I mean I mean like well Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking you know uh like so well okay well him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door um um well well um uh you know flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow you know so like you know um um um Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his captors so you know so like um I mean well didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off so you know like okay um um so. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him so um uh I mean I mean you know okay then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the body lacks like okay I mean uh so you know so. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, we're what like okay uh so you know okay um lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like a uh um so you know like I mean you know vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop okay like so I mean I mean you know um the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about today like okay like okay like okay like today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, like uh um well so um um we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations well you know you know so I mean I mean like on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right you know okay I mean okay I mean okay well. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of like well okay well I mean so um been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do um so you know so okay um well you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if you've I mean you know so you know well like well been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that you know um well uh um um okay we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck like so well uh well okay I mean Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join I mean I mean um uh I mean I mean well us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation like I mean you know like well I mean like. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks you know I mean I mean um well well well about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift okay like so I mean like well I mean as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for well um okay you know um uh I mean joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and like um okay so uh well I mean you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and um well uh okay well so like hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to well like uh okay uh um well kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation okay you know you know okay I mean okay okay from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older uh so well I mean uh so uh children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other so well well okay uh okay like elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually like um um uh like uh well closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated okay I mean you know so okay like I mean fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three I mean like uh okay uh I mean okay to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 you know you know like like I mean okay um 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these like like you know well okay uh you know are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of uh uh so I mean I mean well you know a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today well um like you know you know so um we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to uh you know well you know uh uh well introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family well I mean uh um like you know um Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients uh uh so so you know well like a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a so um like well I mean you know like census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally you know like uh like so um I mean my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest um so um okay I mean so uh who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest uh you know uh okay so I mean okay way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and it's like um you know okay so you know okay awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh uh so I mean uh well uh right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for like um okay you know okay I mean um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you so well you know you know okay like I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that you so uh uh like uh you know so need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or like uh like like um you know uh go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee well you know like uh well okay um. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name so uh I mean I mean well you know uh for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and well um you know um um well um additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is I mean you know so like okay so um something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite okay okay like uh I mean um I mean platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's like okay like okay like you know okay free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh okay uh okay uh you know you know phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my okay uh um okay I mean you know you know phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the I mean you know well you know well you know you know podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this um um you know well I mean uh um point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot so okay so you know like uh um of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes uh like um so like okay so in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join I mean like so so you know you know like me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual well um well well like so like met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you um well well okay uh um well know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how okay um uh um you know well like to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely so okay um I mean uh I mean um Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a fantastic lifestyle um like okay uh like like you know coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to bring her you know uh um um you know like uh in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling well like so uh like I mean you know to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk you know you know you know you know like you know so to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So so okay um so okay um I mean hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having so well uh okay you know so so me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of two boys okay um um you know uh uh you know ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and days okay I mean like I mean okay okay so. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass Portobellos uh I mean okay you know okay okay like across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his well uh so you know you know like okay right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it you know okay um well I mean so you know going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can uh um well okay okay well okay hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight okay you know so uh um so uh we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my well um um um like I mean you know boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, I mean like I mean so you know I mean uh what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, you know you know uh like like well okay what do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola so well like you know like so I mean. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the so okay you know well I mean um well words. But um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki so uh well I mean like okay okay practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher um like like like so uh um Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, you uh I mean well well uh like well do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make candles soaps everything like uh well uh um like well. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, and I worked um uh so um well like uh with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing well you know um so you know I mean I mean hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to talk uh um like uh so uh um about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We you know like so so well well like still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You you know well like um uh well well know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we like like um okay okay so I mean were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and so you know I mean you know you know well you know I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think you were uh well uh you know um so like to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary so like like okay uh okay uh Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not uh you know uh you know uh well like falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but like I mean you know well um well I mean by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever so okay I mean I mean um like I mean. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully I mean so you know you know um you know well back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the big okay uh well um well so um burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in okay well like uh so well um a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way uh I mean like you know well so you know people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the us well I mean um so you know well like. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever I mean you know like um I mean I mean you know you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion so I mean you know well um okay okay is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 pm um so I mean I mean well so so. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young I mean um uh like um I mean um volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and I mean uh uh you know like like well we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the painting okay well I mean you know I mean okay okay that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the so well I mean uh like um uh tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when so like uh so like uh well I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is like like you know uh you know like well brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me like well well well okay I mean I mean paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like like I mean uh um so so like to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash um like I mean like uh uh okay classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon you know uh well okay like you know okay is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class okay uh um well I mean uh I mean up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether so well uh like well okay okay this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so um okay I mean um like uh you know much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining like um um well like like um me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, well um well well uh uh like excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic well well I mean um well like okay is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we well um um um well um well talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we um like well um uh well so just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets like like so like um I mean you know is the place you're going to want to head on over to you can like like so so so like you know find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's you know okay um like well well like pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle I mean I mean um you know so um like an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking I mean um um like uh so um week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we uh so uh I mean so uh you know got with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but uh uh you know like okay uh well yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on um um uh um well uh like gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you you know well so um well um well didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was I mean uh uh well well so well it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay um I mean so like um okay me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit well um I mean so so well like your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean okay so well like um I mean it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make so like I mean you know well you know you know money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like you know like um well like like a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you living okay like um uh so well I mean the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that I mean you know um okay well uh uh picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to I mean you know um uh okay well I mean you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well like I mean so I mean so you know well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It I mean you know you know um like uh uh doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it like so um well I mean um I mean in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go Hi, okay like so I mean um okay okay this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon a um well so um you know you know you know time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an I mean well I mean so like I mean okay invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due to so I mean um you know so um like the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer okay um uh um I mean so I mean and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him um you know well like uh you know okay. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the uh like like okay well so you know art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry um well well well uh like like who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community I mean so uh I mean I mean um um that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on like you know well okay you know so uh this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm like um uh you know I mean well so here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never you know uh uh um so uh okay called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo uh like okay like um I mean uh. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there uh so like um like so okay. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and you know uh okay so um uh um I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership so I mean you know okay like like so series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat like well uh you know okay I mean um down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what um okay uh so um um so makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international like okay okay I mean um uh you know women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode well you know well so so um well. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie has um uh okay okay uh um so over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in I mean um well okay okay okay like senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at uh you know you know so like I mean well Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks I mean like like so uh okay uh for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk you know so I mean so I mean um I mean now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new like uh so so um uh um gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show I mean so uh so you know uh um. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they uh um like um you know uh I mean stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to well like like okay like I mean well my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having so well uh um um you know uh you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB um um okay well um well well pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for Paul's well uh uh like well like okay mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's so I mean I mean you know like so okay time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other um um well so so okay I mean day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start well you know well so uh okay like of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big well uh uh so so so so shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier well uh well well well I mean uh enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over uh you know I mean you know well okay so to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great um uh you know I mean well well uh training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or like um I mean okay um well so even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly okay well well so okay well you know CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your you know um um um well you know well a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast you know well so okay um okay so helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, well I mean I mean so um uh I mean this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean like like like well uh okay um for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have well well so so you know um I mean official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the okay uh uh like um well um six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when um okay like like okay well well you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time like I mean um so so uh okay we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, uh I mean you know okay I mean I mean well even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because well uh well okay like um like if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into uh you know uh okay well uh uh Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They so I mean so uh uh I mean I mean are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The well uh like like I mean uh like run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform so uh I mean uh so well I mean your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions well you know I mean you know okay uh um that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop you know I mean well um um I mean so on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you um I mean you know like I mean well I mean ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast uh you know like well okay I mean I mean well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal I mean okay so well you know okay um the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running um like I mean okay well uh uh is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic um uh you know well um okay um sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have uh uh you know I mean you know so you know been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all have you know you know okay well so you know well one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or I mean you know so so okay well okay Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are people I mean okay like well you know um I mean willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to sports Tech feed uh uh so well so you know like the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take feed uh well so um well you know uh. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've got a well uh um I mean okay like um really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and you know um you know you know so uh like managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund like like so okay you know like well for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company like uh um uh okay okay okay since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to I mean so like well you know okay so judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa uh um I mean you know okay I mean okay Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author you know like I mean uh well like like but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident like okay I mean so I mean okay I mean astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like the like so um I mean I mean um you know hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some you know so you know well well you know like astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever like uh um okay you know well okay have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on um I mean I mean um well like uh she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just you know um so um um okay so gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night so so I mean so you know well um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the like you know okay um you know uh uh inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and I mean okay so uh okay you know so tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women all over like so I mean you know um okay I mean America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had you know uh uh okay uh I mean okay a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a um I mean you know like so um like hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We um um so I mean so uh like talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve well um well like you know I mean I mean a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do you know you know uh I mean I mean okay so it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now. Did like so like uh I mean um like that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come I mean well I mean so you know well so a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it uh you know so like you know you know um was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat um okay well okay uh you know I mean on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all okay you know um like I mean so you know are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so like so well well uh uh okay don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button okay well so well like like you know. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you um um you know okay like so uh could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets well um okay so okay uh like the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways okay okay well you know um okay okay now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great um uh uh you know so um you know. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do like okay I mean so I mean you know so something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like um so so um so like uh I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We I mean um so so I mean well so are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite you know okay okay well you know like you know a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard I mean so well you know you know well so of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and well uh you know okay okay I mean you know there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit like uh I mean uh so uh like your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free like okay like I mean uh um um. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so okay okay you know okay you know um okay you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank okay well uh um okay I mean well you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells okay um like so I mean okay you know and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority so uh okay uh um uh well in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there okay I mean okay I mean like like I mean are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon I mean well um well uh like um. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in uh um well so so I mean um which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about um uh so you know you know um okay for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about you know like so so you know okay well our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get any um so um okay I mean um so further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay well you know so so well like okay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the well so okay I mean okay um okay views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former so like uh you know uh um um A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us okay okay okay you know well you know okay 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, like well so okay I mean um well you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their own um okay uh uh okay um like projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they can okay you know you know like like you know I mean start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and work with so I mean so uh um like like a and ours at labels as well. So so this is a great one so strap in you know well um okay you know I mean so and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information on how Studio well well like okay so I mean I mean talk can help you out. Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up so I mean well well okay okay you know guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current like uh I mean um uh you know I mean founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate so like um um okay you know so you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm um well I mean I mean uh like I mean your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today like so um so well I mean okay. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk well I mean okay like uh I mean like about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me so well you know you know you know um okay a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi like you know well I mean well okay um to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how um um uh uh um okay so we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about um well so okay so um I mean and me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this um um you know well I mean so so would be you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm of um I mean well I mean um like I mean the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show well I mean I mean um you know you know okay. Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been so um so well so you know like listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out I mean like um like so I mean well there in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept well like um well like um uh of experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of um well um I mean I mean I mean so not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience like okay so okay so okay well. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as so I mean so um I mean okay like a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good I mean uh so well like so uh score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a um um so um um well I mean waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher okay I mean you know you know I mean like like spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's well so okay you know well well uh a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides well okay you know you know uh um you know that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10 uh I mean you know uh uh uh you know. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and okay um well okay so I mean okay sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for okay I mean so I mean like well like $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I was afraid that of uh well well you know so well like exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you so well okay you know um so okay so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over so well okay uh um well so to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly well well okay uh so um well awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and like well uh I mean uh I mean you know see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just as much well okay uh you know so you know I mean As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you could um like um like okay well I mean join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in okay well you know so so you know well the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and you know I mean so well okay so you know we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you I mean uh um you know like so I mean so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the I mean well uh like well um so woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one like like I mean I mean you know well um of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different you know um you know okay well so okay guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that so you know you know okay well so well are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is um uh like um um um well my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just like I mean so well um I mean uh here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a okay so you know uh you know you know you know podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way uh I mean I mean I mean um you know you know to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which I mean you know I mean uh I mean well so you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to uh I mean I mean well so uh you know record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for well um so um well okay like you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and I mean um well um okay um like many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right well um so so so like okay. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You well you know um I mean so um so can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably the well well um okay okay um you know biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if you know so so you know you know so so you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's well like okay okay well uh so staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying I mean okay I mean so okay you know you know put it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in you know like okay so um okay okay the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make I mean okay well you know well so well sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it like um you know I mean okay I mean well doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team you know you know like well you know uh I mean at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to okay well well um um well well get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F uh like um like uh like um m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download uh okay well well like okay I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on I mean you know I mean okay you know I mean you know your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about so so uh uh okay like I mean whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it I mean okay I mean like I mean well so by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally you know you know okay um so okay uh free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to um um uh I mean so like um Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. He's not going back uh you know so well well like well again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor okay I mean um uh well I mean uh its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's like um so um uh uh so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your okay okay well uh well you know so phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be uh like well uh um well okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your um so um well okay I mean uh podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all you know I mean I mean well you know well I mean in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go okay well uh like like so um to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So um okay I mean like okay um so tonight we're going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in so okay uh I mean like okay you know the sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to okay well like I mean so well like look into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam so I mean um like you know okay um. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough I mean like um you know um um okay free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left uh you know like well I mean um well like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we well uh you know you know uh so like had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in uh uh so okay um so um Indianapolis. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded like you know so so okay well you know. So obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for uh well like I mean you know okay I mean the Byron Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on well so I mean so okay so okay it and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but um so okay um like uh well it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one like like well uh uh like okay one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our um I mean well um like like like fans? How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think I mean well okay so okay so um that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like like um well I mean uh um like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the I mean so well I mean um uh you know current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of I mean so I mean um so okay I mean order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining uh I mean like okay I mean uh okay your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you okay you know so I mean like um okay do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now like you know um you know uh you know okay which are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like you know like um uh like okay um like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea you know uh you know um you know like um how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot well you know um um uh okay I mean f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different um okay well I mean you know um you know platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right like okay uh well okay okay okay from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download uh uh um uh so like um the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by I mean uh you know okay I mean okay you know jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use I mean so I mean so um uh well promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we okay I mean um like okay uh so raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week uh I mean well like okay okay like folks. We are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future like you know so okay you know you know um and before you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows um okay um I mean okay you know you know and that's a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least so so uh well well um like not in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from uh well uh like I mean I mean um the Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, you know um okay okay I mean okay okay too. 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a okay uh I mean I mean so you know I mean Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us you know uh um um well well uh why in many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of um you know I mean you know um uh so course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing okay so so uh well well I mean episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon well like well well okay so like patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk uh so I mean so well I mean you know about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a well you know um um well uh um very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons okay so you know I mean you know like so at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing um okay well you know uh so okay pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms of Animal I mean you know uh you know like you know um Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of so so so well like so so news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in I mean uh okay so I mean uh like the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to uh well um well uh uh um say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today uh so well so I mean um well. I am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic okay uh I mean okay like um well that's very close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just so okay like like you know uh so decided today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address like okay uh like uh so you know the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking I mean so well you know I mean I mean I mean about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host okay well um you know um like well Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just you know okay okay uh uh okay you know want to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone okay well uh uh well you know so its engaging on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around okay okay like okay so um uh this podcast. So thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's I mean I mean like okay okay I mean I mean Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the okay uh so I mean okay I mean uh bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil you know well okay um well well well. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go I mean I mean you know okay okay okay I mean off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly so well I mean um I mean okay okay one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media like like um well uh um well a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation you know okay um like um like uh and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding okay well okay well like so okay Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new you know you know uh so okay I mean well 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it with okay okay you know so you know you know um you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular um uh I mean um I mean like well episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer I mean like well you know well um like to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on um you know you know well I mean okay so social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even like you know um like like like well the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a okay um like like uh you know like daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to so you know I mean uh well uh well live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about so okay uh you know um I mean I mean here in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in uh I mean uh okay I mean well uh verses 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we so you know you know okay so uh okay know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have well well so you know well okay like a building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens okay so I mean I mean uh like well for in this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed uh well uh well you know um I mean by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are still so so okay well so um like in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to so I mean I mean so you know you know like talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record um okay well you know uh you know well my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and so you know I mean I mean well like okay it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit okay well I mean um you know like um your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with um okay uh you know um I mean okay friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will so okay like like you know I mean okay then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast well well like um uh well um and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum well well okay okay I mean I mean you know listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the um uh you know okay you know okay uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this you know I mean okay I mean so uh uh podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast like uh so okay uh so um through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I um so uh uh okay uh okay want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works uh I mean so well like uh um I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we I mean you know uh um you know okay well save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms to uh you know uh well um so uh make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks so you know like okay so okay like well much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us well okay okay well okay you know well any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard uh okay uh you know well I mean I mean of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this well well so uh you know you know you know source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge like um I mean um well well you know fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram um uh like you know well you know you know page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and I mean so um you know I mean uh uh her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like okay like well I mean I mean well like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just well like well you know you know like uh sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so well you know um I mean okay uh um much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? okay okay okay uh well I mean uh Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier well you know well I mean I mean um I mean. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest okay you know well so um okay um. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that I mean um um I mean so uh well now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into you know I mean like you know you know um well the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna okay you know so well okay I mean I mean take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're uh um uh so so like like after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate okay uh so you know well uh I mean 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet I mean okay uh I mean so um like and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of I mean like like uh uh okay uh an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to well um you know um you know okay uh give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be well you know you know so okay well like Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of like uh I mean uh uh well you know our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo like uh so well you know okay okay Francisco Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack I mean well so I mean uh uh like Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person well so well well like I mean so with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all you know you know um um um um you know about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to you know like uh okay you know so you know share with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora well well well well well like uh El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are I mean like um so I mean uh you know all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were okay like uh well uh you know like going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming like so like like I mean so like up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my okay you know well well well okay okay life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it um okay okay okay okay well you know. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you so so uh um I mean so um should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things um uh uh okay okay like you know. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank um I mean well well okay like um you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a well um um I mean I mean like um series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New I mean I mean well like uh okay like York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check okay so you know you know um okay well out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves well I mean well like like um I mean a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening you know you know well so I mean so like to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you okay well you know I mean so I mean well for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If I mean well well well so you know uh this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from I mean okay okay well well I mean so the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen you know uh uh um like well so to rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you I mean you know um well I mean um okay should pour yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to uh you know I mean okay I mean you know so record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I I mean okay well well okay you know um absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to well like uh I mean okay you know well make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you so okay uh you know like well uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even um you know so okay like um um distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast I mean you know I mean um well you know I mean and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no I mean I mean well I mean like I mean I mean minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have well like uh well so okay like to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f well uh so I mean well um like m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you um uh well um you know uh um haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you well um you know okay you know okay so haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and well uh I mean uh like okay you know I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too uh uh uh you know like you know okay. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from well I mean so well well I mean um your phone or your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about well uh you know um um you know well that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here okay uh um so I mean uh um guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts uh well so well okay uh uh and many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you um um well so okay well uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because um well you know so I mean um um I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and you know like I mean well well uh like night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush uh uh you know uh okay so so a little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And um well so um okay um so today's hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The so I mean like uh you know um you know Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a uh well you know okay well um uh big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New uh like you know okay um uh uh York each year and take pictures of it. And one of the main people uh well uh uh I mean well okay who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the okay uh I mean uh like well you know John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four okay so um you know okay so so hundred twenty seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and I mean uh so I mean okay well well in the United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at um like I mean so I mean um uh one. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting um well uh you know so so okay that we haven't had any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going I mean okay uh well okay you know uh on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our villains you know okay like I mean so like so podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the um like uh um um I mean you know 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal um well you know like well um well underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever like well like so well I mean uh you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York um well like you know I mean so um City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The uh well okay like okay okay well criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for you know like like okay so okay uh Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right well like okay so well um you know here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people you know well so uh like so okay would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned so I mean well you know so okay uh from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful uh uh so uh uh you know like given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We uh um okay well I mean like um are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but you know um I mean um I mean uh well it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese like you know so okay well uh like it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and um well well you know so I mean um stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to this I mean um you know uh well like I mean. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's uh okay well you know um I mean okay raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the um uh I mean well you know I mean well making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the you know like like like okay well like world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most like you know like um um well well notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring um so I mean well I mean um um the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short so you know okay okay well I mean you know clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like uh uh like so okay okay okay motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you okay okay so I mean okay I mean you know can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to you know you know I mean well so so well podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description well okay you know you know like uh um today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and like um okay so you know like okay John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to um okay like uh okay I mean um be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period uh like uh I mean okay like okay things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England so so I mean okay you know I mean like lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless okay you know so you know okay I mean I mean you were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People I mean uh well I mean well you know okay did face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short like um um okay um so um for so for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy uh okay uh like so okay I mean as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So I mean like like well like you know um a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of like like okay I mean like um like Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is you know so I mean so I mean well so Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually well so um well like well so knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as uh uh uh you know okay you know um the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said okay I mean so I mean you know like um that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a you know well so I mean you know so like little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have like so uh I mean well you know I mean had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn okay uh okay I mean I mean so like State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a like you know I mean um um like I mean few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool uh well okay uh well uh so. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name like you know okay like I mean like uh is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in okay you know you know well well so I mean having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they so so uh you know um like I mean will intro there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the um I mean well well well you know okay toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm well so so I mean um well you know you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about well I mean um okay like okay I mean that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite I mean like like so well uh okay a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always um well I mean um um you know well do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely like uh um okay you know well like got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be well so like like well so okay your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools okay um I mean so well well like you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life uh like uh um um I mean okay. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you well like well I mean so uh uh in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively uh uh so like okay okay well over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share um I mean okay I mean like okay uh my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients uh I mean I mean um you know um um into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on okay um I mean so I mean like I mean your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he I mean so uh uh well um um talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood okay you know so um I mean you know uh about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near well I mean I mean uh well like uh Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either like well uh uh okay I mean uh places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of okay um like I mean um you know um his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now like so well um well like so I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want uh you know um so you know okay uh to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the well uh okay so like you know well notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which okay okay okay like uh so like means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which I mean um well like you know uh like is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and well like well I mean uh well um I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, so I mean like uh so well I mean um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And um um um okay uh well well I work on different type of client So based off of a studio uh uh like well so well you know in Westford, and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move okay um um okay so um so and have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this you know well so okay like you know like podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that well well like uh okay okay so I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a well you know uh like you know I mean you know podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor okay um uh well okay so like because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also like uh you know I mean you know you know so free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer uh you know um okay um I mean so and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so you know well okay um like so uh it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make uh okay okay you know uh like um money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You can I mean I mean I mean well I mean okay well make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast all I mean so like so so uh like in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are you know okay okay you know like well so joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I um um I mean okay like you know um like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor you know I mean well like um uh um or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the like well like I mean you know well uh second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got like so so um like um well to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd like like uh well well so so get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and uh so like well so okay okay we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg you know well well okay uh like okay just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a so um um okay uh I mean okay little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my mother um like uh okay uh um uh. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my bathroom while um uh uh uh you know like so I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap with me. Yeah, you know so okay so I mean like I mean so like that just kind of paints a picture of like boundaries. So my mom like like okay you know you know well I mean definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs, right and instead so like well well like so okay I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm not true so you know I mean okay uh so so. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right like so well uh like you know you know across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's like how so you know like so you know uh uh can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good okay uh I mean like um I mean well time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you well um uh you know I mean um um for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it I mean you know um you know um uh I mean was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for you know you know well well you know um well my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for okay okay okay I mean like well you know the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by so um okay like okay I mean well yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you know, uh um you know uh um like like you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the you know you know uh uh like so I mean part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far you know I mean you know so uh well so now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to um okay um you know you know so I mean flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter well you know okay you know you know like I mean found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any I mean um um okay you know uh you know worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick um like I mean so like um uh of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series so so uh okay I mean okay well unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into like uh um I mean I mean okay I mean some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify like like uh well well uh well or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case okay I mean well like I mean okay um listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including so I mean um you know uh well uh the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the uh like so you know uh uh I mean podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht um uh well so okay um I mean and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether um um well um um I mean uh technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what well okay uh so uh I mean um the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus like so well so I mean okay you know whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and I mean so okay well um so well revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou I mean I mean so okay like okay um. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and okay like um well uh uh so the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director uh okay well so like uh okay of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the uh so like um I mean like so fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is you know so okay so so okay like about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology so like okay so so um um and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D you know well uh well uh like so. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a so um you know um you know well um time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance so so like um you know well um News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season I mean like uh uh so I mean you know of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia like uh I mean um um like you know that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is so like um okay okay well um unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that like uh so I mean um okay you know she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she like well like uh so um like has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out I mean you know you know I mean like um so though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that she well uh well so like okay uh is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed her uh okay uh I mean like well okay documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general uh well like like like okay so. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator uh you know I mean I mean you know I mean so a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I um like um you know well like you know am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do you know well well you know um um you know whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just so like like well you know you know you know anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's well you know um so I mean I mean I mean that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick um I mean uh okay you know like okay and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy so you know uh um uh um okay. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time uh uh okay like like um um host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so well you know like um I mean okay well how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we okay so I mean like um so you know I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but you know um so I mean uh uh like it was there be but it was there. We took the we just say major uh like um like uh like so so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other like you know so you know okay like like and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree like like I mean you know like uh okay planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part well uh uh um uh well okay of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as like um you know uh uh okay you know a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who okay um I mean so well um um spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However you know um um um uh uh I mean tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of I mean like I mean like so like well seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the okay uh well well well um I mean connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to um I mean I mean so so um you know shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck so well uh okay you know okay like with shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting I mean uh you know like okay you know um as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming you know you know um uh you know I mean okay from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to uh you know well I mean like well so the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not so uh uh well uh uh you know drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or like you know well uh you know uh okay build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels well so so so um okay you know of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the you know um you know okay well you know like first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of like I mean uh I mean um um okay products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to uh you know okay well um I mean okay move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually okay like um you know well so so want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then well like like you know um um um finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with you okay I mean um you know you know um I mean in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make you know um uh you know um so okay sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these I mean okay okay you know well well okay stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should like you know okay well well I mean well let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for well you know so you know like uh you know you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to um uh okay okay I mean like so produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to you know like you know I mean like you know you know burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results okay you know okay uh I mean I mean I mean in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make I mean you know so okay well so um sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to you know um so like um you know like get more life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek you know um um like so um okay to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm um okay so I mean like so so here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages okay okay um so um um so to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble uh okay um so like okay um falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word you know well I mean uh well well like of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so like I mean well like um well like as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be so I mean I mean you know uh well um an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, well uh I mean uh like so um you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you okay like well you know you know uh you know text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word I mean um so like I mean um you know Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a um um um you know like you know uh manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with um well so um you know I mean well this list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch well like so okay well okay like and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller you know you know um I mean well um uh and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi I mean okay um you know like okay uh and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing um I mean well so you know like well Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself uh um you know you know like so um know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot okay you know you know like you know so so take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start like I mean I mean I mean okay you know uh with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know I mean um so okay um um I mean soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit um so well well I mean well you know. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one okay like like um uh uh uh of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, I mean like like uh you know so you know it's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones you know I mean you know um well so you know. All right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He I mean so well like like um so was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever take so um you know okay okay like so banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge of the planned so um um like I mean uh you know assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior um well like um well um okay. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always okay so okay you know uh I mean uh by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today Mateo Lane um um okay uh so um I mean High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I like so uh well like okay um came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I um you know you know I mean um well like really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be well so okay um um well like fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and okay okay well I mean um you know um he told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and you know uh I mean so I mean you know so it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My um I mean uh um like well uh husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 you know well you know you know uh well uh. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's I mean so so I mean well well well very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual I mean uh okay uh well I mean uh CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern so um you know um um like uh standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, um uh uh so so um um you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with okay you know I mean so like I mean you know those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, like so okay so so uh like we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that you know well you know you know okay well okay successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / okay uh I mean uh so um uh create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg like so um so well you know you know. Forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I okay uh you know so so like okay think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as uh okay okay uh um like okay unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people so uh um I mean okay so well if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're you know okay well I mean you know well you know here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from okay like uh um um well uh Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing so uh so like okay like okay great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah well okay well I mean uh so uh. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, like I mean so like you know okay okay but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do uh okay you know I mean okay like like this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we I mean like uh okay uh okay so got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out um um uh well well well so because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a like like like um so uh you know space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be I mean um so so well okay okay covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or um so I mean uh so um okay discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right I mean um I mean I mean like okay um from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news on uh um like I mean uh so I mean Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon so uh well okay uh like so. So if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all I mean well like well like I mean um that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is you know so I mean uh uh I mean you know intended for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore I mean well I mean you know uh you know okay discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the you know uh um okay I mean uh uh hospital. According to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke you know uh like you know I mean uh so up. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat okay well so like um like you know up a little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human um you know like you know so um um level. And I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I um well I mean um okay okay I mean could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a like I mean you know well um okay uh Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead um like uh um I mean I mean I mean a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure so uh okay you know I mean so I mean party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite you know um well I mean I mean like you know video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And you know so well I mean you know uh okay today we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have okay uh you know well so um um Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how well well like uh um you know so did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here I mean well so uh um well um. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because like like like well um I mean well today is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been like like well like um well okay absolutely dying to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and um um so you know well so so motherhood and man. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you you know like um okay okay okay uh guys to hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on so um so okay uh okay like I do recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I I mean well um so I mean uh okay do think that all of the information in part to her story all um um uh like like so okay her tips the way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting okay I mean I mean well um like well and almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is uh okay well I mean um um um all about her life as a young girl how she was parented her um so like like like so okay family story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage okay well well so um I mean you know and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing you know I mean okay well okay well I mean show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the so um like so so like like inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking about uh like I mean like so like okay real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters who fought um like so well so so uh for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and Trung knee. A like um um uh well like I mean long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a country in Asia called um well well like okay I mean uh Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in martial arts back in so so um okay okay like I mean those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be uh so I mean I mean um well um a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey uh so like so okay so okay guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and um okay you know like so I mean you know hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free um okay um like I mean I mean I mean. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long as um so I mean you know um I mean so it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now so okay okay um okay so like Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word I mean so um well uh well I mean of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the um I mean okay you know like you know like fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place so I mean like you know well you know so of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place uh you know you know well I mean well uh due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker I mean okay I mean uh okay like okay because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if um you know okay you know I mean so well technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the points it so so uh well like I mean um is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation I mean you know you know um so okay you know we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the I mean um well so so so I mean Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back like okay like well um well I mean in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of like uh I mean I mean uh I mean okay today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got I mean you know so like um okay um an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is I mean I mean well okay you know I mean you know probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been I mean well like um like like so coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's you know well okay well okay I mean you know got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he well okay I mean like like um like meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends I mean I mean well you know I mean well I mean kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told uh like I mean okay I mean so okay him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers so I mean okay I mean okay uh okay a podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by okay um you know well you know I mean you know this is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin uh you know you know um okay okay uh. Hey, what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I well like uh I mean like well I mean everything about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? so uh so okay um um uh What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't you know okay I mean uh like well you know believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to I mean I mean like okay um okay you know talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to so I mean uh okay you know like so First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and I mean you know you know so okay so so they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they're I mean okay you know like well you know so going to throw it in used at least that we know of so read a I mean like um like I mean um well little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before we went you know okay uh uh uh you know like live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the regular um uh you know well so uh so season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given it so you know like you know well uh you know to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with um okay so I mean well so I mean the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about so um well so you know uh like anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about like um um okay okay okay okay anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's okay uh okay so uh uh well creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone uh like okay like you know you know well or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on uh like so okay okay you know um things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with no um uh uh you know I mean like well minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place okay so uh you know so so you know. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to um well I mean you know uh so well get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank uh well well uh um okay um you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to okay like so so well you know like be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we like okay uh so like you know you know got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form I mean uh well you know okay like uh of a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using uh um so like um well you know anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you know well so well um like well you everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from uh I mean well well uh um you know your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with like okay you know well um well um the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll like you know I mean you know uh uh um even distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can okay you know I mean I mean okay so well be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also so like okay I mean I mean um I mean easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app so like uh I mean like like well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean uh um well okay you know I mean. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money you know I mean uh I mean so like okay up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are okay like well like okay like uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean you know like I mean so well um computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software okay um um uh uh so okay paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it I mean like okay like so you know you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can uh well like so like um uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to you know like um I mean I mean okay so make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know uh um like like so like dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza um like you know you know so uh uh and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If um uh I mean I mean you know you know so you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, so you know I mean well uh well you know Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to the I mean okay um I mean like okay uh Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes and you know well so well so I mean you know dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today um I mean okay well um like I mean. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month well I mean uh uh so uh I mean ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about uh so I mean well so you know like all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up okay okay uh um um I mean um to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had okay so like um uh uh uh chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing you know okay like okay well uh you know proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days well um so okay like like uh and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast well I mean uh okay uh you know you know. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the you know you know uh so uh you know like easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects so so um um so you know you know are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software I mean um like uh well uh uh to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the like I mean um so well you know okay packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also well okay like okay well you know you know using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we um well like uh I mean okay um need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my um um okay you know like so um computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity um uh so well okay so like to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own uh I mean um um so well okay podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor okay so so you know um like like dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready uh well like um okay like like to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should um I mean uh I mean so uh like have called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom so so I mean um uh I mean you know I looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way okay I mean so you know okay um like conduct himself on the field but also off the field as well. So without uh well uh well well I mean okay further Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling uh well so like well I mean so let's go. Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my so okay uh so um I mean well brother? That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's I mean so so uh uh well you know going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this um I mean so like like like well though with a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah well so so um like like like same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to okay uh like uh uh okay well make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record you know you know like uh so uh um and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the so okay I mean uh okay um okay podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify well well okay well like I mean um and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in like okay like um you know uh so one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to you know like I mean you know like like um get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend you know I mean like uh uh well you know. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again um I mean like like you know I mean you know for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He like um well I mean uh you know um is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron like well um well okay like uh Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soapcom you know um like like uh I mean uh. They make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with uh uh like you know so so I mean and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance well well um you know okay so I mean to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first you know well um you know like uh well time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're so um um so um um uh going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss uh uh uh uh uh well I mean any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have you know I mean um um um well um it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We well I mean so like you know like um talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's uh well uh well you know I mean well probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you well okay I mean well you know um I mean think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me well well so okay I mean um like trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to I mean okay well uh well okay you know your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host uh I mean uh you know um I mean uh Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These I mean I mean like okay you know uh okay are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, I mean well okay uh uh I mean well please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are I mean uh like I mean well like well say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff you know so okay okay I mean you know okay. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let uh you know okay like well you know um me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm I mean like you know uh so okay I mean Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're okay uh so you know um like so looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the uh uh I mean uh um you know uh strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one point uh um okay uh um like um or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when uh I mean well okay uh so you know nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to you know I mean uh well like okay well believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high um uh uh uh okay you know like Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who well so so well you know well so were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude I mean uh you know okay uh okay well at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred um um uh so so like um and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have um you know I mean I mean uh um so a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield I mean like uh well I mean I mean so. Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name okay you know well so so um so and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved well uh well uh so well I mean with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots like well um uh you know like you know of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with well you know you know um like I mean you know an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last you know uh well so uh well so few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as okay I mean okay well okay okay uh of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead um okay like uh uh um um. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected you know you know so so uh like um and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington like so uh okay I mean like like declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The I mean I mean you know so um so I mean virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing I mean well like like uh so you know about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know so you know like like you know I mean me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your you know uh I mean like I mean uh okay podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So so you know so well so um so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you so uh okay so I mean so uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to so so well I mean um so okay make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able you know you know um you know well you know okay to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download like you know uh you know I mean well like the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey so you know I mean okay you know okay so everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a uh so okay well you know uh so full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball like okay um so well uh like and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star okay like you know you know you know well so Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon um so so um you know you know you know or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars you know well um uh uh you know like sessions come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name okay I mean uh okay okay okay well is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the okay so uh so you know I mean okay cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and I'm here so um okay okay uh I mean you know with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives in you know like so I mean so um you know Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk about so um I mean okay um I mean um conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was I mean um um you know so you know you know the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we um um well um uh so uh were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's you know well I mean um okay so um a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we have so uh I mean you know you know like I mean to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like uh okay uh like well uh so Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor you know you know I mean okay well well you know it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's uh well um well well um um free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit like okay so like you know like okay your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast I mean um okay okay okay um um to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and uh you know so um you know um like you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also you know uh I mean okay um I mean you know great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything well you know I mean I mean um I mean I mean you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on well okay you know um so like um the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the um okay so I mean like um like madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of I mean so so um um so well everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing okay I mean well okay so I mean so. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it and I mean okay okay um I mean okay uh everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then so um uh I mean uh I mean um topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl uh okay uh well uh well you know goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic like like uh um you know um um Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with well um okay you know I mean um well us the other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted okay I mean well well okay um like to ask because obviously the video that we posted the other day people okay well you know so uh um okay had some questions because there it's like talked about in my first book okay um I mean I mean okay well I mean 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger um uh you know um um you know well and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and like you know you know okay okay um I mean doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode um well I mean I mean um uh okay of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the um I mean I mean I mean I mean like okay basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your you know uh you know you know uh you know okay own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and I mean I mean you know like uh okay you know hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm you know so I mean uh well so so John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from okay okay well um well you know so the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So essentially we so so well um you know I mean um are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this first episode on uh I mean well I mean I mean so okay what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is um uh um I mean uh um like right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender okay like so like uh you know I mean Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo um um uh like well you know well boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to um uh um like uh you know I mean the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys uh well uh like so like uh Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that like like okay like I mean so like the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have like so okay I mean like uh you know chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, uh you know like you know like okay like as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your you know well uh um uh um okay right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you uh so okay um um okay uh got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said so uh like uh um uh um it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I uh so you know well you know well uh became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long you know I mean um so like okay like Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational uh um okay I mean okay well like therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree okay uh so like I mean uh uh also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major and like well like um uh so like when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II at Cal okay you know uh you know so uh you know State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not I mean like well you know like so well only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to okay you know I mean like um uh okay dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough you know so I mean um okay I mean okay situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in you know uh like well you know so okay the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design and okay so you know okay well you know I mean business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment business um uh um okay I mean you know okay coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working you know okay um okay uh uh you know so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you experience like I mean I mean okay well well um the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week. I'm like you know you know well I mean okay okay going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way that you've so you know um well so well so never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by I mean uh like okay so like you know design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms um okay like okay well I mean you know beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully so you know so I mean so I mean I mean designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and um um uh I mean um so well to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off you know so uh like you know okay uh your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link so uh you know well like well I mean in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent so so so uh I mean um you know we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you well I mean uh um like uh uh meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your well well well so so okay so own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19 I mean so I mean I mean well so like. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year well like I mean well well I mean like old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez I mean okay um like uh you know well over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over like um so uh you know I mean you know San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it so I mean well you know um you know okay seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin you know um like well um you know I mean just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong I mean uh well um like you know so. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he okay okay well okay well I mean okay began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of March well okay well uh I mean well you know 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means it so um I mean I mean I mean so like is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we saw the annual well I mean well um okay I mean so economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP was up by well okay I mean um uh um I mean 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show uh okay okay you know like like uh that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards I mean okay like you know um uh well the end of last year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle well okay so like you know you know well turning points has turned into an S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home moms. And so I mean uh so uh uh um we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at home with my um like okay uh okay you know okay kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a little bit um well okay uh um you know okay of insight and show you that there are really great things. There are well I mean like so uh okay you know some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do when uh I mean uh well well so like you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their uh okay you know like um um so stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm so you know well well well so so Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because I mean um so I mean like so so we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as well uh like uh so so okay we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be well like like so you know um I mean spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for your like you know okay so uh so like babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is I mean well okay you know um I mean uh our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take so so okay well you know so I mean your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up I mean well okay so well like okay. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is um like okay um so you know so called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I well like so uh well um well think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like we've like um um well well like okay been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm I mean um I mean I mean okay uh so the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's um I mean okay I mean well okay I mean about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to well um so you know I mean uh um really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI okay so well well uh okay I mean everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath uh uh so you know so so well. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread um okay well uh so okay well and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying well so like um so well like to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it uh um so okay I mean well you know that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to you know like so so okay uh you know feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you know like okay um you know um uh you want to feel less stress is it that you want to so uh you know you know uh I mean you know sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving well I mean you know I mean well you know okay and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation okay okay okay uh okay uh you know notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you you know so um so I mean okay uh episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals you know okay well like okay uh you know to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid I mean you know so you know you know well well of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by you know uh so well well uh you know many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top okay okay like well so uh uh reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what well um like so um you know you know books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well books okay you know um I mean like so well to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the ones well uh so okay like so so that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In okay uh um so uh so you know the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've like you know um so you know uh I mean read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys I mean okay well uh like uh uh a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time you know um like I mean you know like um ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the so okay so okay um um I mean blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just like like you know well you know um you know have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but um so uh like uh um uh I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for like uh uh I mean well you know okay the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to so so you know so um well well learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them okay you know so so so um so are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us okay uh um so uh okay you know to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that uh okay so so okay I mean like were once in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think uh you know like um uh well uh. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro I mean I mean uh well okay uh um photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and I mean um uh so like well well he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in well um um okay well I mean okay sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast um you know um well um uh okay dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of I mean uh I mean okay so you know okay Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have uh you know so okay like um well tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy I mean well I mean so I mean you know okay these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every so well so you know I mean you know uh Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and like uh I mean I mean like like like possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March like so like well uh okay so 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk you know like okay I mean I mean um like now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here you know like so you know so um like on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here okay um you know um you know um like to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give well I mean you know I mean you know well you know you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time you know well I mean uh you know I mean so tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress so well well uh I mean like you know no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course your like okay um so I mean I mean I mean Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said yeah I mean well so well okay so like. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first um so um so uh okay you know got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a okay you know well okay okay okay like host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be so so like like so um you know next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money okay like you know um you know so you know and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also like uh like okay you know well okay much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this uh I mean well you know well so like is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right so well well uh uh so um. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to bash I mean like so so uh well um me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV I mean you know like well so so you know talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this uh well uh um like well you know show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is I mean you know uh well you know um well Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You um you know uh I mean you know so so know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by well I mean okay so okay uh well myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I uh I mean I mean I mean you know you know I mean may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian uh well okay okay okay I mean I mean a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien I mean like uh so you know um okay. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and okay well you know you know like so so Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show this like I mean like um so well so time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, well well okay like well uh um you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it well okay um okay okay well you know huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for so um you know I mean okay um like this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they well okay like okay uh okay so start to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me you know so um well so like well have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the you know I mean like you know you know like uh background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week like I mean okay so I mean okay I mean or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like like you know I mean uh um well I mean they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly um like okay okay well okay uh podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers like like you know uh I mean okay like the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians about that one well uh I mean so uh okay uh gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at consequence of uh uh I mean you know well okay I mean sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome like so uh um uh I mean well to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W FP k um like like like okay um so @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very first okay okay well like um um so official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November 1st uh uh well uh okay I mean I mean at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a very like um like I mean well you know well condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as you know you know like you know okay um okay questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody I mean so well well uh like like on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very you know okay um so so well well bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's um uh uh I mean so um like the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools I mean so so like you know well you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean well you know okay uh um so computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify well you know uh I mean okay um okay Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast you know okay like you know uh you know so with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in well I mean so like so okay okay one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to so well uh so like so okay get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning okay okay uh I mean so uh um in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt um you know um okay well I mean I mean it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a um well like like like you know okay little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow you know like um well okay you know well your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you um um so like I mean um like become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them like uh you know I mean so okay uh offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and okay I mean you know well so you know so also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so like well like you know okay so you know already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or like uh like like you know you know I mean browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the well like so uh uh like so conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode um you know uh uh uh I mean um you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few well um like uh you know so uh a few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a uh well okay okay okay I mean you know mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, well okay well you know well so so you know across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that you know okay uh uh uh I mean so. It just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to well I mean like okay okay like so be halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready you know well I mean so well you know um to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for um like uh um okay like um you. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing you know you know like uh um like you know the benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There like okay well you know uh I mean like are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives uh okay so um uh I mean well meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa so uh so you know I mean you know I mean Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you know I mean I mean you know like like okay you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to so I mean okay like you know okay you know be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti so you know so well like so like and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs like I mean so like you know uh like. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you like uh uh um um okay uh to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might so you know you know uh I mean uh I mean dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear uh um okay um well well well companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams like so I mean you know I mean okay I mean. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we okay um you know well um um like the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no premise well you know I mean uh um like I mean right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that I think uh so um well uh you know I mean this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast with uh well you know like so uh um two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual okay you know uh I mean like you know well. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided to um um so well so so so throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be um uh okay so okay uh okay groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and so you know um um so uh okay my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are uh you know like uh okay so uh too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic so well okay okay uh I mean you know. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new day um like I mean um uh so uh could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering introductions for you know okay I mean I mean so well well Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some of well so like you know um okay okay our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if uh you know okay um I mean you know well you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I so well okay um uh you know uh would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at you know okay so you know um okay like the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of um I mean like so okay like um poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we you know uh so I mean like well you know use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy I mean um you know I mean you know you know so to use and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record so well um so well okay like and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there you know um um like um well okay was something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go okay like like I mean you know um so into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping so um you know so I mean well like easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is so like I mean I mean well um well Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you okay um um I mean uh okay uh name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have um okay so like uh I mean you know for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, okay okay well um um I mean uh like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to well you know like well well I mean I mean go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just uh well um so um so well like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic like okay okay like well I mean uh candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously I mean like like okay I mean I mean um low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits I mean um okay well well uh okay down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and uh I mean like um you know so well how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to okay um I mean okay I mean so you know hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you I mean well um like you know so okay thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at some more I mean um you know okay okay okay you know educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What is this I mean so okay so you know you know like caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats you know okay I mean I mean so you know okay on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the you know so you know like like um okay long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of uh um you know um I mean um well fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want I mean you know so I mean uh so so you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form uh I mean like well you know well so. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast okay you know you know you know like okay okay with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on so uh okay so um you know you know weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like like so okay like I mean um I mean listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash like uh I mean like well so like garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast I mean okay so so well like okay today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He like like you know uh I mean uh um speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages um I mean you know I mean okay I mean like shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what so well okay you know you know um like you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on um uh like well well so well is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the uh you know um so you know well so wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe okay uh well uh like I mean well that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are um uh I mean okay you know I mean okay stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often um like uh so okay um I mean cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for like well I mean you know uh um so 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and well um okay I mean well so so form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a you know you know okay I mean okay you know so story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray um okay okay you know so uh uh XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community donate like well so uh uh I mean I mean to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a I mean like okay uh um I mean um fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But I mean um okay I mean so so uh yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with well you know I mean um like um um midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a um I mean you know okay uh um okay Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants um uh so so well um you know kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool okay like you know um okay so like Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is like so okay so like you know okay capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page you know like uh um um you know well Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not um well well okay you know like well reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast well like so um uh uh well listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but well uh like so okay okay you know without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you well I mean you know like uh well so orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets um so um I mean I mean uh uh worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve like you know well well like uh um all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about you know like uh well well well okay anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free like you know you know okay like so so I mean free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to pay like so I mean you know you know like uh any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow like um uh so um well okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super simple okay you know I mean um okay uh I mean super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some okay okay I mean like okay uh like nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where so okay well well well I mean so you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one of well well so well so you know I mean us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've uh so uh um well okay uh had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the you know okay um like I mean well you know voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or uh uh like okay so you know like whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm um um um like well so well going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening um you know okay uh okay well I mean day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place um okay so like uh okay you know right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series so well you know so okay uh you know and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I well like okay okay you know so you know don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions um well well uh I mean okay uh for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're like I mean so you know like well so counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were you know okay well well so like I mean journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the so I mean um um I mean well like World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the like okay uh like okay I mean I mean game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history okay you know you know you know I mean okay uh tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever uh I mean okay like well you know okay you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match I mean so um okay well I mean so in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing uh you know so I mean um like you know that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreoncom okay I mean you know uh I mean well I mean. Slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you I mean so uh okay um so so want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading well I mean uh I mean so okay I mean that week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to okay I mean well so um I mean you know Nori events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in you know um like well you know like uh that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you uh well um uh okay so like know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change um like so you know so so okay and we'd very much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to so like so like I mean well um see but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape uh like okay like um like well what we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or well well uh well like like uh fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, so okay uh you know so well like and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since I mean like so um I mean so well we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to okay I mean I mean like uh well you know have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for so well um well well okay well the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up well um like okay uh uh um from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode okay I mean so like like you know um. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave okay you know so um so um uh fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday okay okay like so I mean you know uh morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest uh okay um okay okay um you know some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to you know okay you know um uh okay you know talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And you know okay so uh uh well I mean I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate so okay so um well uh I mean you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes you know you know um okay okay so uh. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're uh I mean well um I mean I mean okay / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your um like you know um okay so well view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better okay so uh you know you know you know uh showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals like I mean so you know um like okay in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former okay okay uh like I mean okay like Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff like so okay okay okay I mean okay for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he you know okay uh um uh uh uh was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few well like um so okay uh uh years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau uh um okay uh okay uh you know had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no I mean well um well like like so matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could okay well I mean like so I mean um play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I talked um you know like um well okay I mean a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head like so like like uh like like and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at you know uh I mean like okay so um had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on like well okay I mean uh okay I mean what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and so you know uh like okay like so spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time okay uh well like so I mean you know ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my like I mean um uh okay you know so apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly what okay like I mean um I mean you know well that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So I mean like you know so well okay you know just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed I mean okay well you know so you know okay and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we um like um so I mean uh I mean chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something so so uh so uh so I mean delicious and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic okay I mean uh so like um uh on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we so I mean I mean um you know well okay aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday like um you know okay uh okay okay magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about so I mean like like uh I mean okay the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the uh um like uh well like uh most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring um so like um um so well the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short clips like well I mean I mean well um well from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, um like well I mean uh um um like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is um uh so okay well okay uh you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen you know uh you know so uh well you know to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today you know um well uh um well so. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the I mean like uh okay like like okay boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are okay uh well well you know uh well we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like well okay so um okay okay um you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible like uh um you know you know uh you know story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what okay uh okay I mean okay um uh this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's uh so so like I mean I mean so having his location just a block away for over four years going it to the you know um okay I mean like you know well University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices I mean like well you know um um I mean in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to I mean like I mean you know you know so so the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes um okay so uh I mean so okay. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one I mean well um like you know okay okay is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform so I mean you know okay uh uh okay. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh so I mean uh you know um um me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your okay okay like um I mean you know like podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you well so you know um I mean okay I mean. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can so so I mean well um so um actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need okay uh well um uh like well to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the I mean um uh well like okay uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent I mean uh you know so well uh I mean Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this well I mean uh so I mean you know okay week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over like like you know so uh I mean like the past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis okay you know um so I mean like well antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on I mean well okay I mean um um well it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the well um so uh um um like Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was okay you know well I mean uh so okay good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland um okay I mean uh so uh well. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the like um so um so um okay past week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers you know you know uh okay you know so well in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire um okay uh like uh I mean I mean about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first okay uh uh you know um uh uh let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's well uh um so uh so okay our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry um so um so um you know um the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up okay I mean uh uh uh like okay to 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a um um uh okay uh you know um charity and we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I well like well uh I mean uh well think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for work like you know so um I mean well okay because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast. I'm well so like you know you know well so Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey um so I mean uh uh like um John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about um well I mean like like okay I mean a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually I mean like I mean so okay like uh record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will uh um okay like I mean um well come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in um I mean like I mean uh I mean okay the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? okay so well like okay uh uh 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, uh I mean uh so I mean uh uh very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure I mean so so you know I mean um like normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back you know I mean like uh you know like um to the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the um well uh um you know so uh authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation I mean um you know well you know you know uh filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use uh you know um you know like um I mean our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially well so so um like well you know the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about like I mean uh like you know um um the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the um so um like I mean well I mean app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from um okay um um um like okay a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought so like uh like I mean you know um at first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how I mean uh so so you know well you know am I going to do it? I have no equipment. I have no money so like uh so uh well you know and I want to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get I mean like uh well I mean well well heard and how do we do that on a platform without spending a like like uh uh um like well lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know what to do you know you know I mean um okay like you know. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that so well you know um like um I mean allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone or uh I mean you know I mean like you know um computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on so like I mean you know okay I mean so Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, so um I mean you know so well okay which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're well uh okay okay okay so so ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need like uh well well like I mean uh to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join like you know you know like okay so I mean us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab your I mean uh um well so I mean okay D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll okay um okay okay like uh well. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben uh uh well you know like I mean like Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird okay you know well well like so um listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is uh uh um so you know well so it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe well uh so um so so you know I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones well you know so I mean like well uh at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the I mean you know uh uh okay so like Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? you know um uh uh well well like So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need like okay okay I mean you know okay um to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this um like you know you know okay well I mean is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement well so you know like okay uh like really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, so like you know I mean so well uh everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients like okay so you know so uh well and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our like um well like okay well I mean time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her you know you know so um well you know well journey that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what okay okay I mean okay uh um um she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where okay um so uh well um um it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy uh um okay okay um uh so cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch of like well um um I mean okay um like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you know you know well okay um you know uh um those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna see uh well okay I mean well okay you know ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with uh you know you know well um okay you know a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal uh so uh I mean I mean like uh voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and um well so okay well okay okay I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I mean so uh um so like um I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's like so you know so well well you know happened in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind so uh I mean um so I mean so of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump so okay so okay um like okay went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean you know uh well so uh like I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all like well um I mean um so okay the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right you know I mean well um uh so you know now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like well like like so so I mean okay this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names uh uh well well you know I mean so and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I I mean so I mean um you know I mean um mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about okay um I mean um I mean so like them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk I mean okay uh like like like okay about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so you know I mean okay okay so uh uh much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You well I mean like uh you know okay well inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check uh um so okay I mean so uh out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who I mean you know like okay you know like you know we are as a church and I just want to I just want well okay um like so well like to take this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because you know so okay like well uh like I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it you know okay well well well I mean okay on. I believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge you know so okay um I mean okay uh the Holy Spirit to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this um uh well I mean like okay uh episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise um uh you know I mean you know like okay Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 okay well so so so okay like in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a um uh like um well well so pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down like so um um okay like I mean by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester you know uh I mean so you know um well Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless okay uh uh well you know you know like days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call like okay you know well I mean well well today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School okay you know I mean uh um okay okay and a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was like uh well like I mean okay uh selected as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State like um like well like I mean like honor band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as like I mean uh like uh you know I mean one of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently like um okay so well um I mean Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound you know I mean uh okay um um uh in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of well um um like I mean I mean like the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a well well I mean like uh you know you know band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese so like well I mean well you know uh made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading like well well I mean um like well on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only well uh like so like um okay subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since you know um you know um okay okay I mean 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan well so well uh I mean like okay. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have I mean well you know okay well um um the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this I mean like okay you know you know okay okay episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the so you know okay okay uh um okay airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to you know you know I mean okay so uh so encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to uh um you know um okay like you know get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you um you know I mean you know uh you know so know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten um um so like you know okay I mean years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I I mean okay uh okay um okay I mean have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all you know okay um okay uh you know well the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides uh okay well like uh um well. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything uh uh okay okay uh um uh else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make so like um so well um you know use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which uh um okay like you know okay uh you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to um like so well like okay okay post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome like uh I mean okay um I mean okay back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin show. Today like well you know I mean okay okay I mean is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit uh so uh well well uh okay realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about that today Relentless. This is your like I mean you know well well well uh home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you okay I mean I mean okay uh um so a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked so okay you know you know so um okay me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my okay um um well so uh well life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my well you know so so like so okay aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But um okay well uh uh well um today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because I mean I mean I mean uh so like okay my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing I mean um um so okay so so two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I uh okay well well well um I mean got something I need to tell you want to take a seat well um like so you know okay you know right there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell you about you know so so I mean uh well well something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's okay um um you know uh um uh wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's uh uh like okay um like so the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This I mean um like like like you know um is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today uh okay um okay like you know so. We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including I mean so you know uh uh like like a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in I mean okay you know you know well so I mean with Charles and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is well well um so well you know so going on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking like well you know you know like I mean okay do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an like uh well well like well uh interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that um okay um I mean um you know okay have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked okay I mean okay so you know okay like it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars well so okay so um so like scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 11 uh you know I mean I mean so um um. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit like okay you know well okay um um a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author uh uh um um well so um of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of I mean okay okay like I mean like uh weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things so okay I mean I mean like okay um. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety okay uh well so okay okay so and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour like uh okay uh uh I mean okay they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed so I mean like you know I mean you know I mean goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save you know uh uh I mean I mean I mean you know for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise like um okay you know you know I mean I mean advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money okay um um so well I mean okay is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs um you know okay so you know uh I mean we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on like like well so like I mean uh non-traditional career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast okay okay like um well I mean like about taking The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the well uh well um um I mean I mean hurdles and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm like so I mean like uh well you know your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director you know well I mean uh like like you know stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long like well like so well I mean okay list of things to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here okay like um so well uh um every week. I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom uh I mean uh um um you know you know I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot um so you know I mean okay uh okay beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz you know um uh okay uh so okay it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad I mean uh I mean um I mean well um that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or so you know um so um uh so comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But um uh well like I mean well well I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came okay so so well so so so a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case okay like well so okay well like at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the you know uh like so I mean so like podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator so uh um well so like um of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay well I mean okay so I mean okay okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean well like uh well uh um me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay you know so um you know uh well your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you um um um like um so well. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money I mean well uh so okay um well from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in okay like uh well so you know um one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get you know so like like um you know well started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking well so like you know you know um um to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and I mean you know um so so you know you know health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have so you know you know okay so well I mean in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life like okay you know uh so so so spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the word so so uh um I mean like you know of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced. This well you know um uh uh um okay is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses uh so um well I mean so well 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You so so you know I mean so well so Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in um um uh you know I mean like so my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his so uh so I mean you know uh um love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that you know okay like you know like like like your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as I you know um uh okay um well you know have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's life you know well like okay so so like for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to like you know uh um like you know uh thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy uh uh like um like I mean uh this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's uh you know so so uh uh like totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like like well um so um um right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you uh uh uh you know uh okay you know can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can like well uh you know like you know well also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast well so you know um okay um well download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, I mean I mean um well so uh you know what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the you know I mean you know so like like you know book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded so um well so um okay okay history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually like like okay you know um I mean okay at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I okay you know um uh um so uh am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I mean so you know uh you know well um I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly so well uh I mean I mean okay I mean known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go I mean um you know you know well so well ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on well like so so like well so YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more uh uh okay um I mean so okay. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or you know so so uh I mean well I mean driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This you know like you know I mean I mean okay uh is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do you know like uh well okay okay well leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's uh um like um like so I mean get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius like you know uh well I mean I mean uh of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the so like okay uh uh you know like influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You um I mean okay um well I mean you know could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but well so well like okay uh okay you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is like you know um I mean um I mean well America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel like you know um uh so so well Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included so I mean so um you know uh so her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled uh um so um uh so um Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on you know like so um like like um Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its okay you know well you know I mean uh you know cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious um I mean you know like um I mean you know username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and you know so well like okay well um the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor you know well uh well so okay I mean show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The um uh you know so I mean so um show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't like uh um I mean I mean so so guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will like well so uh you know I mean well be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College like so like like I mean you know um Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or uh so well okay so you know um loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How so um uh well like uh okay you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here okay I mean so okay like so um. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for like you know well okay okay I mean well today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with like uh like so like so I mean you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a uh like I mean um like I mean like good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college so you know like uh like I mean um definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about in like I mean um well well you know uh college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I came like I mean um okay so well well there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest so well so well um you know so way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to like you know okay you know so so like provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow like so so uh okay um so me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember Episodes you know I mean um um you know um you know of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy you know like uh like so I mean okay for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything like I mean I mean I mean I mean um I mean you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the so you know uh um I mean well so Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an okay I mean I mean um I mean well I mean exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from I mean um well I mean so um I mean Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned like you know um like you know you know you know how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say um okay I mean so okay you know so this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way. You um so like uh so um like will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to I mean uh you know um um well uh rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m well um so uh you know uh so. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need like um you know I mean uh uh um to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major like well well you know uh well I mean channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make okay uh you know I mean so um uh money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or I mean uh well like okay uh well go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with uh I mean like uh like you know well poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two okay like uh uh well I mean I mean birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley like um well well I mean like like the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor okay well uh uh okay you know you know to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 um so uh like like uh well p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from two birds like I mean uh like like well well and we go through the episode and we try and have a taste uh um uh uh you know you know I mean of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes okay well I mean so so I mean okay on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad um so well uh you know so um Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then um uh uh well um uh okay encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or you know um uh okay uh I mean I mean did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So you know like I mean uh uh well you know it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you like okay uh so well okay so get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion well I mean you know well so uh like is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find like like you know um well I mean um offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word well well like uh you know okay okay. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll uh well okay um I mean uh uh explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that I mean uh like like like like so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay okay so okay so well um. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too okay so uh like um so okay many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not like I mean um uh like um uh only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible like um well I mean um well well for you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum I mean um um like like well uh listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be like I mean okay so um so uh true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready you know you know well okay well you know well for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show you know well you know so okay okay uh. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's well um like well I mean uh um just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't well okay so you know um so I mean listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant well so so you know um uh like shitty show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that uh well um uh okay okay well you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey like well you know well like so so. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you okay well okay uh uh well um how it look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't um uh uh so like I mean I mean done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help I mean like so uh well uh uh. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow so you know uh okay I mean so okay us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a well okay uh okay I mean you know uh 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand like okay like I mean well well uh titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before you know like I mean I mean I mean okay uh we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk like so like you know okay like uh to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode you know I mean uh um well well well 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive okay uh you know you know I mean I mean I mean web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to like like like um uh I mean okay make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can um uh okay uh uh so you know also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast you know you know well uh so so I mean host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, you know you know uh well um um uh but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's um like uh you know um uh like the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from okay like you know um so well so the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools I mean I mean so uh you know so like that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay uh you know so you know you know so anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast like so well like I mean okay um and many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need um um okay so uh well like to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the you know like so well well so I mean free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why like well okay well I mean well you know is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness so so um I mean well okay I mean nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't you know well okay so um um I mean know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring um so okay okay uh I mean okay and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with like um uh okay I mean you know uh and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in uh you know so so I mean so um February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and I mean you know well um like you know um That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt I mean well well well so uh okay we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start like like uh um so I mean so with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday well you know uh so like you know so of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a list I mean so okay so uh like uh this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I okay um okay so well okay so we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but so you know you know uh well um you know I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast. I I mean so so like okay um um hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through okay um I mean um you know uh you know stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy so well I mean so well well so. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good um you know well so well you know uh friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good like you know uh uh like well okay to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just uh like like so you know like so going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that like so I mean okay well you know well looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little bit well um okay I mean um well um about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the uh like well so well you know I mean reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast um I mean well okay um like like is also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but I mean you know you know well like so you know Sophia will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the I mean so well you know so uh like singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo uh you know I mean uh like like you know three, so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, you know um you know uh well so like but the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in so well well I mean so well um his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored like um I mean you know um you know uh by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes okay you know so like um okay you know fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking you know so you know I mean so um uh this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? um uh um well uh like you know Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm um um like I mean you know um well not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like like okay okay so well you know uh I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course well like okay you know so you know uh of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And uh uh so you know well um I mean you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're uh um um like so I mean well your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys I mean well so I mean okay well um about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a okay uh um well well you know I mean apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving I mean like you know you know uh okay like a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support you know okay uh so well uh like yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 like uh you know so you know I mean so a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her um like um like um uh so nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you um you know uh okay so like like how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes um so okay like you know um like years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would so uh like well I mean like like eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police to connect you know um well uh um you know um him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who uh okay like you know you know okay well got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit I mean okay well okay you know like uh back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on May 6th I mean so like um like uh um. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment okay like so okay like um like. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let I mean um okay um I mean um um me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast like okay you know um well so so. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation well like I mean like like well I mean tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean okay well you know well I mean I mean computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify uh um so you know I mean like um Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you so so I mean I mean you know like so can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need you know I mean okay so you know like I mean. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your um uh I mean uh I mean uh so podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to okay I mean you know uh so like uh Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify I mean um so so well like well. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists I mean like uh okay like well uh all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a uh okay you know uh uh um uh huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode well like so um like okay um of my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had you know you know I mean I mean well okay so a good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for uh well uh I mean you know well well that. Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each you know so well okay um uh well other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this okay you know well you know okay you know okay episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a okay um you know um I mean okay uh stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second you know okay uh you know I mean so I mean to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make uh you know like uh um I mean okay a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to um I mean you know I mean okay like uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute um okay like you know like like well your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case well I mean okay okay uh okay okay and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and uh I mean well okay well I mean um it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free well I mean um you know um like uh anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going like so okay okay uh well so to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to you know okay well so you know uh okay my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you by okay well I mean like so so like anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution side you know well so uh like uh uh and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's you know well uh so you know well so definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will well well you know like you know so um help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also has uh you know so um like so you know a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone or you know okay you know um uh um okay a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one well um you know uh you know well okay place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor so um you know I mean like okay so or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good uh uh so okay like like like. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I I mean so so um so okay so think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom um like so so uh okay um wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and well um uh so so um I mean today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I um like so um okay um you know with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go uh so uh um like uh I mean over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I I mean you know uh like um like like think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I uh um okay I mean okay uh um got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I like so uh okay so um well personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake like you know like okay like well so covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars I mean you know uh okay I mean um well socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to get so I mean you know I mean so I mean I mean stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're passionate um uh uh uh you know so um about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and like um um I mean I mean well uh speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I'm uh um so you know like I mean okay your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and okay you know uh I mean like like well weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert so like well okay okay okay like extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram um well you know you know so well uh and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by clicking I mean I mean like I mean uh I mean so visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you're enjoying the well I mean um I mean um um um show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask well so okay okay well well uh that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old like so um uh you know uh well Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace um um well so I mean well so Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I like I mean so so um um okay assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years you know I mean I mean um I mean uh you know but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity like uh okay like I mean well okay to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time um okay uh well uh I mean I mean or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm I mean um okay I mean I mean so I mean talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a I mean okay you know um uh like like lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to I mean you know I mean uh um well well business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're you know uh okay like uh uh uh looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you so uh I mean so so okay okay know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week you know you know I mean okay like I mean like because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized okay um I mean so I mean you know uh so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, I mean like uh well okay okay uh but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into okay you know well okay okay um well my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better um well so I mean um so um integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use like I mean I mean um um I mean so it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so uh you know okay well uh okay uh hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for okay uh um so I mean so like haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for uh um you know so I mean okay so the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the okay you know I mean so okay well you know translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, okay well you know okay uh well I mean Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating you know well I mean so okay you know uh Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when you know okay you know well okay uh so I was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about uh you know uh um you know um like 13 or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision like so like like uh um well on whether I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz like like so uh so so like band. I was a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the well you know so um uh so um community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to you know well um uh you know uh I mean become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello well okay uh okay like well okay and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the I mean I mean like like like so so community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or uh so so uh so you know uh the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually well I mean okay um I mean so so nobody. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I well so uh uh you know like so could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen I mean I mean um well well uh um to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium okay I mean so uh like well okay account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow um well like you know okay well well your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to I mean you know like okay well um uh listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your like I mean uh like okay you know you know friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to like so like you know okay I mean uh download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the so like I mean like uh okay well your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of well uh so so um I mean well Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep you know uh you know well um so you know for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your so like uh I mean you know you know I mean host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic uh you know uh I mean well like well hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually uh well uh well um you know um posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 I mean um okay so um uh so years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open so like okay um okay um well reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% I mean um you know okay like you know um of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster so uh like you know well you know well dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again okay um I mean uh well well well. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of like well you know uh um okay well injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports um well you know well I mean like um injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at uh um uh well um you know you know lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that like I mean um um I mean okay um all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun okay I mean like uh well you know okay in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if well you know uh okay well like you know there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast you know um like like I mean um um. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of okay like um okay like okay okay you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there I mean you know I mean you know you know you know I mean were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I um well like I mean uh I mean um don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this is you know like uh okay uh um okay a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think um so uh okay I mean you know um it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is like okay uh you know okay so I mean about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this okay so uh you know you know uh so up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal you know I mean well like uh like I mean was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the uh okay um okay well I mean you know most Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned um I mean like okay like you know okay money to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right well I mean so you know well um I mean here. I promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll you know uh so like um okay I mean throw a lasso around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what well like I mean well um okay you know you're about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's I mean like I mean you know like uh you know a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So you know um okay so I mean you know okay he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good so okay um uh so uh okay talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital it I mean well I mean uh well um so is to know what your core values are so you can create culture like like so uh uh um well within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to okay so well you know um you know like give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how you know so like so okay like like are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural History. You uh so I mean uh okay uh so heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo like like you know um okay uh so is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass um uh so uh well um I mean. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on so uh well like like uh okay social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event well you know so well uh I mean um. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know brought to my well like um well you know so so attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime I mean well uh you know um I mean um scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the um you know okay well so like you know SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm like okay uh well uh you know uh here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're well okay um okay so well like the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, like I mean well uh like like I mean it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of I mean like so well uh okay so time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, uh I mean well okay uh you know like please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four so uh well well like uh I mean six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car um okay so like you know um well can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family I mean like okay I mean I mean okay you know require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you I mean I mean you know um like you know um find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I you know well okay well well like okay am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads you know well you know um okay so you know weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving I mean like okay okay well I mean okay. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it so okay so like well like like honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it uh uh so um like um you know out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap like uh okay um uh so like my head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's so I mean uh um you know okay like been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a well so so I mean like so I mean month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, well so well uh uh um you know where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car I mean I mean well okay um okay so is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard okay well okay well so well so and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it well um so well um I mean so or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 okay I mean so um I mean like you know our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today well well you know um okay well like. We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part I mean well uh so uh well uh of an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we uh um I mean you know okay uh um can glean from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is okay I mean so well um I mean well Really the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins um okay like okay so uh you know opaque and such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I um you know I mean okay okay so well need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and you know you know like I mean well okay um evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking like like I mean okay well I mean um to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development like uh well I mean well uh okay trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a um you know okay I mean well uh well strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or like like you know you know so well um the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books like um um uh uh like okay. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and like uh I mean well well well so the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that um I mean okay like well well um I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording okay um so like I mean uh I mean a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like I mean I mean so um I mean so like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast you know like uh like well uh uh for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to like uh uh so well I mean I mean find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, um so like um uh okay so if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know okay I mean like um um you know okay. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, so like so you know uh so like I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow I mean uh uh well you know okay well but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and I mean like well you know you know um you know Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds well like like uh you know uh I mean better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this like well uh so you know well okay is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea I mean okay okay you know you know you know so one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes um well um you know I mean I mean you know we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might I mean so you know well I mean I mean well as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about well so well so okay you know okay the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and like okay you know uh I mean you know like plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about like you know uh okay okay um so from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to you know so um well um you know um the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We okay I mean like uh so you know I mean were just recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out well you know well you know I mean okay like for the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get um I mean well you know I mean so okay these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already so you know I mean okay okay so so cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for you know well I mean um well um like these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better so I mean um I mean so okay so on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And uh uh uh uh okay you know so I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of I mean um like so uh so you know this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and uh well I mean I mean I mean well um services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and uh so like like well you know so the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be I mean well um uh you know you know uh telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to uh um okay so so okay I mean use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone uh like like uh like you know um computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it okay I mean so you know uh um like doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your so you know well well okay so well podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you okay like uh like you know like you know need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type okay like um I mean uh you know I mean of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes okay you know well um okay well um I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? uh um um okay well I mean I mean Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're uh um um I mean I mean uh so going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to you know so you know um well um well get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when like um uh I mean like um so you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice I mean I mean like okay so I mean like Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation well so I mean uh so well like with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff game I mean I mean well you know well uh like that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer. Also well I mean you know like so okay uh Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could potentially like you know so like I mean I mean you know want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing to I mean okay you know uh uh okay you know listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with okay uh uh okay okay um okay your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips well okay okay um you know uh I mean and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me too you know okay I mean um um so um. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because um uh uh I mean well I mean okay they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no you know you know like uh you know well okay further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a I mean I mean I mean so uh like like podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your well uh uh I mean uh um you know content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your so um okay uh like uh uh phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you like like uh well so I mean I mean don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify okay so so I mean like well okay and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make well um you know uh I mean I mean so money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in you know I mean you know I mean uh uh uh a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get like so like like um like I mean it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your so okay so you know you know so uh anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library like like uh I mean um okay like to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor it's uh well okay like you know I mean I mean the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free well okay well okay okay um so this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know you know uh uh uh like uh phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's you know um okay like like so like going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast so like um so I mean I mean so Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from I mean okay okay okay um well uh your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a I mean so okay um I mean uh um podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f I mean you know I mean you know okay uh um m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people um uh I mean uh so well um like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way okay um um okay like okay uh. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of you know uh okay um I mean okay so my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with like like um you know I mean you know you know you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned you know well well okay you know uh uh and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show okay well well I mean well um I mean. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee but like like well um I mean uh uh like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai well so like so like you know well. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and well you know uh um like I mean well me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to uh well okay you know you know uh uh our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good answers I mean so like well well well okay. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on good um I mean um like like uh okay desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is well well I mean okay you know uh so Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the okay like um you know well so so top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from 1992 like okay so okay well uh like. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of like uh okay okay okay okay you know youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of I mean so so okay uh you know like age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking I mean uh so so you know well uh sports events from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special okay so you know I mean like so you know listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series okay like like so well like uh is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it I mean well like well so um like might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 um so I mean okay uh you know I mean over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood I mean uh well I mean like like um of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even you know I mean like uh you know you know you know come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about uh okay like you know so um um did you hear this more people are dying now and this was uh I mean I mean um uh like like happening is coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether um well so I mean I mean well you know it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is okay like um so you know okay I mean that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast uh um well I mean uh well okay. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So like I mean like you know uh uh okay on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of so well like um you know well you know diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have uh well well like like I mean so a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol like you know I mean so you know so okay 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? well you know like you know uh I mean well Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment like like uh like you know uh so. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just um so you know you know well so well what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what you know I mean so like uh like like we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is okay okay I mean I mean um you know like the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in well um uh I mean you know okay like some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want uh I mean um okay so so okay to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional uh uh I mean I mean you know you know I mean maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before so you know so okay well like you know we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me okay so you know I mean I mean well you know P frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called like um like uh well uh uh ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap you know like uh like okay well I mean brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for like I mean you know I mean so like well you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome um you know okay well like okay well to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but you know you know okay so I mean you know you know also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a well like like like um um you know gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough well uh so you know so well okay social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap um you know you know so okay so like. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping I mean okay well you know you know I mean um down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it like you know uh so um well um. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American like um well well well like you know factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of like uh so okay like uh well literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets well you know I mean I mean uh like so it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is I mean um like you know you know like so writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm uh you know um I mean you know so uh really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host okay like um well well well um. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also so uh okay you know like okay like the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome you know uh well I mean uh like you know anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week so I mean um okay you know uh okay as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing uh I mean um so um um uh with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like uh so uh you know you know uh well and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find like uh uh you know I mean um like that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life um well you know well you know uh you know with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what um well so um I mean um um clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model you know like um you know you know like like for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio so well um well I mean so um help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of okay you know okay you know okay like like holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the like like well I mean okay you know you know mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author uh uh so like um so uh Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their so well I mean well I mean uh I mean voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the I mean well uh uh I mean well uh magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite I mean like like uh um uh I mean the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been um well um I mean uh um like the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think I mean uh so you know you know well so fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice okay like uh um uh so uh of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big well uh I mean so like you know so bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big so you know well well okay uh uh fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his you know uh um okay so you know so head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is um so well like you know so I mean just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and so I mean well well okay well so well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we uh I mean you know I mean you know uh um know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the you know um well um I mean um well truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do I mean like um okay okay you know you know that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it okay I mean okay like uh like I mean was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how um I mean okay I mean um well uh you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like so okay you know well well you know like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going uh um uh uh like so um to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see here um you know okay you know you know um I mean probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that I mean well you know so I mean so okay now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind of thing okay so like you know you know uh you know usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since moved I mean like uh you know I mean you know you know away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but it okay okay like um okay um um was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several years um so okay like um you know um studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her and she um you know uh I mean so you know okay has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share some of her knowledge uh okay okay like so I mean uh of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to apologize well okay I mean I mean you know so uh that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do before I do so uh so so well um well this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you you know um okay I mean okay I mean you know are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am I mean well um so like well you know. And we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome you know you know you know you know like well okay to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can you know like well um okay okay I mean smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the you know uh I mean so okay I mean like weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want so you know so so so well so to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at uh okay uh so okay uh you know Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit well like um you know you know like you know Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store uh okay okay like so you know well. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue okay you know well well so I mean like but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and you know okay um okay I mean like so why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the you know I mean um I mean so so I mean intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard uh I mean I mean you know well um you know towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and uh okay you know okay well like like I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk uh um you know you know well I mean I mean about the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before well I mean okay you know um I mean like we do, I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also okay so uh you know so uh um Terry how you doing. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express I mean okay like okay you know like okay podcast to talk about the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and um so so you know well um okay a A half hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back so like I mean I mean okay uh so where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about I mean so you know um like you know you know that for two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I so uh I mean um so you know like forgot that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at okay okay I mean you know like well okay the same time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what I mean you know okay so like you know um will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and well I mean okay so you know I mean I mean I work backwards and like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content so so so uh you know okay like about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of uh like so um uh like okay the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con um like um I mean uh so okay artists episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park okay you know um well okay well you know has Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular okay so well I mean well uh okay podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and well like okay like uh so um show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original I mean like like you know okay you know so episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of well you know I mean um well I mean uh episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins you know like um you know um you know uh. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back uh well okay well like well okay with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the well I mean I mean um so well you know last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up uh so you know you know okay like um and up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over okay I mean I mean I mean uh I mean like 3,000 debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more like like like uh like you know so than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in well so uh um so well like the US just this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate you know um um uh uh like okay of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four like well you know okay well um so percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the so like okay like I mean uh well start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based on so so okay I mean okay okay um Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going I mean well um you know okay I mean like wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity you know uh uh well I mean so um for them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their well um so um well like like career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to I mean so okay like I mean you know like plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and um um um I mean I mean you know um I'm the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake like well so uh okay like okay with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel um well you know like so okay well. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy like like okay so uh okay you know monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster well okay so so like um like RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well like like um I mean well well like Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say uh you know you know uh um like okay hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure like like okay you know you know so like as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you you know so I mean uh you know um well here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the uh okay so so okay uh uh ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the okay I mean so uh well uh okay dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday you know well okay okay well uh well after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with us here I mean well uh you know like uh so time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with the new I mean you know okay I mean um you know uh manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This okay well I mean uh like uh like is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits uh uh so like okay uh like one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The so um so you know well I mean well criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there um like I mean you know like I mean well for Life others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the well well uh I mean well like you know lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone so you know okay okay uh I mean okay. And that number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was well um you know okay well you know um one man on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old um you know like I mean you know uh like Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent uh um so um well okay I mean rage. He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's you know you know like so um uh um the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your you know so you know you know uh uh uh parents anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in uh well you know like uh you know like some cases. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated you know I mean you know like you know uh like on maybe you've even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never so like like well okay so um will. It right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying like you know I mean well like okay okay your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick like so okay okay okay you know I mean or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us so okay well I mean okay uh okay go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the well so you know well um um well description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to so um you know so um um um our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those like um so so okay like so who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing uh uh you know um like I mean well paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the you know like I mean uh like well like details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle so um I mean I mean uh okay uh School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go I mean like I mean so so well you know into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all like okay well uh uh okay uh the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that so so okay well um you know like again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie like okay you know you know um well so. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce so um okay so okay well so and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, like well so well well like I mean this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, okay okay like um okay so okay the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to okay okay uh like uh okay like see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the well you know so you know um so okay creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about what it's okay well well like um uh like like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also the time you're so okay okay you know so well like here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this podcast as well I mean like I mean um well well well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check us out okay uh well like you know you know well every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk you know you know uh like like I mean well about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety I mean I mean I mean like I mean um you know dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since okay I mean um you know uh um well 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go okay okay uh okay okay okay so beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 um okay well like so uh um the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or uh well well I mean uh okay like at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove you know so so um well like I mean prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of you know so I mean uh so you know I mean challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with so I mean like so you know like you know enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go like uh um uh um I mean I mean along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, I mean you know uh well like uh uh have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my uh okay like um um okay so podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it so I mean well so okay I mean I mean in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so uh well I mean I mean okay um so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name well I mean well you know um like okay is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the like uh okay so so you know you know thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just I mean so you know I mean well well um skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would I you know okay you know so okay like um say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have like so like like like okay well a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest so you know um you know um I mean um was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice just well you know so okay well okay um the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great okay okay you know um so you know um show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new well I mean like you know you know so uh market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage okay you know uh well like okay so on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so um you know um you know uh like so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes okay you know I mean you know so um uh. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at um okay well um um um well five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably um uh I mean I mean uh you know well Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome uh okay um okay I mean like I mean. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of so so um like like you know so those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we well like um okay you know uh um can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards so um I mean I mean I mean uh so good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's okay um so like I mean um so cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines so uh um you know um uh uh week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history uh okay well you know okay you know uh start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the um well like well um um I mean way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a I mean you know you know I mean so uh like brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the uh so so uh um uh well scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl you know I mean um well I mean so I mean. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the uh um um you know well uh well only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided um um you know um so uh okay she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our uh okay uh you know you know so okay podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope it um well you know like like like well builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in like uh I mean I mean so you know I mean your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am well um well I mean uh like so going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is so uh I mean okay so well um 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God um so uh um um so I mean bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon you know um um uh like okay well will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord showed I mean I mean so so I mean okay like up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this okay so okay um uh like um audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive um so um uh um I mean well online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate like uh well I mean you know well well online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology well uh uh like I mean well okay club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these okay you know okay well well okay I mean uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting um you know I mean uh okay okay well with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at so like you know okay well um like youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we well well like uh okay well so do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take I mean so um so like like um a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start you know you know I mean you know um okay well your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service I mean so uh you know I mean you know you know to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each like okay um I mean I mean you know I mean episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet okay I mean okay like uh uh so a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different like uh uh um uh you know well software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we like um I mean um you know you know okay need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or I mean well well okay okay uh like cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make um well well so okay well I mean money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you I mean so um well I mean okay well better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to I mean so uh so like uh so Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that um you know you know like you know uh like the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest um you know okay well okay okay you know way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one like like so okay uh uh like place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you I mean like you know I mean uh okay so can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation uh so well I mean like you know I mean tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping like uh you know okay uh I mean so. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass okay so well well I mean you know so family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and well like you know uh so well well many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast um like you know you know okay um you know with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor well uh so you know um well so that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond so I mean um uh like you know like farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar uh uh um like well um well has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean okay you know like well you know you know so kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as a uh you know okay like I mean so uh candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards so uh like uh so so um between Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody okay so like I mean um okay well and holler Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode like um well uh um I mean um. We're going to go back to the beginning and pick up some okay you know okay you know so I mean I mean of our favorite bits. I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it uh you know you know like I mean you know well kind of I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable you know okay like so um okay okay development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to so I mean I mean you know um you know okay take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast I mean like like okay okay like um. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build uh uh so like um uh well it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population well um like um I mean like okay 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the okay um uh well like well um world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working so like um uh so um uh out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British uh like so uh uh I mean okay Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the okay um um like um uh you know water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show uh so uh I mean well well so notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase uh you know like okay um you know um and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had so uh like uh I mean uh so that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow I mean I mean well uh so like you know and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really well like you know uh you know well I mean high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two years, I I mean I mean well uh uh okay you know worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than well um okay okay I mean like so I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned so uh I mean you know okay um I mean and the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it was you know uh so so okay okay um huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever so uh okay okay like I mean like asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a well so well I mean I mean I mean well way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that um um okay well so well okay you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a uh uh I mean uh well you know you know conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here uh okay well you know so um uh to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's uh uh I mean um like so like like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was you know like you know you know um well so a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because we I mean well like so well okay like just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, okay I mean like okay um you know well a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a so well so uh um I mean so bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm okay okay you know like okay like um your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina you know okay uh uh like um well is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you I mean okay well I mean well like uh can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We I mean uh I mean you know I mean uh I mean have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler okay you know like um I mean well I mean had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen uh so I mean okay I mean uh well this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a well okay I mean you know you know uh uh good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model well uh um so okay okay uh. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and um like uh um well um okay now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, okay you know well I mean so okay well you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and are um you know uh you know you know well I mean you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right I mean you know so so uh um I mean before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, we I mean you know uh well you know I mean okay got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of you know so well uh uh okay like the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name I mean uh uh so I mean um I mean is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to uh like uh okay okay so okay be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting you know so okay well okay okay um and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a I mean um so so I mean okay you know lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be like so uh okay so well uh the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the like so well you know well okay so Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box well so like so okay well I mean the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it you know well well um okay you know so is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream so um like so you know uh um of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk okay well you know you know okay um you know about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that um well you know um you know uh like is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free well I mean I mean um like like like and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can you know okay well okay I mean well so record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as I mean you know uh okay uh uh like good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have uh so I mean you know you know like okay recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can you know uh so okay well um um Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy I mean well okay okay you know I mean I mean money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No I mean well uh I mean I mean like uh minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot well well you know like so so so. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be um uh I mean uh um uh you know settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime okay well um like um like so. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with you know I mean I mean so um okay well a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling okay uh you know you know like okay like 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead okay uh I mean you know you know I mean so as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as so like you know I mean uh um like she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came I mean uh I mean okay um uh well into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that like okay um okay like uh so bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night like like um uh like well well toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles okay so I mean you know uh so well all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about I mean uh okay um uh um well a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania is an I mean uh so so uh um like island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo were uh uh I mean you know okay so uh the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was one I mean like okay um well uh um of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of well okay um so so um so your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of you know so um you know uh so I mean a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, well well I mean okay you know okay well it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships so you know you know you know well okay okay are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this okay well well well I mean uh so is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together I mean um you know I mean so so you know and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're like I mean I mean I mean um you know well going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be um well okay I mean um so um a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We you know well um I mean you know um you know really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell okay you know okay I mean well like you know us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, so um okay like okay you know um they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away like um uh well okay okay so a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give like you know okay so like okay so us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited okay like so okay so you know you know schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we you know like um um so you know um do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording okay I mean I mean uh well okay um platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools um um so like uh well you know to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer you know I mean I mean uh you know okay so check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started so like you know like well you know I mean. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt um I mean like um um well so get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and so uh uh uh uh so so save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal so I mean you know um so I mean you know and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of you know well I mean um uh like you know the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is um um uh you know I mean you know uh right now and every time he needs to make a change she has well okay like well um like um to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen like you know like you know I mean um like that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in I mean you know uh well you know you know well the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You um well you know okay so well well have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it uh okay so so you know so I mean and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? you know well uh I mean I mean you know I mean Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do um you know you know um okay well like need to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you so you know well well I mean uh like know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at you know uh okay so like well uh me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that well like uh uh like okay um. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your uh I mean okay you know like I mean okay host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's so um well I mean okay well well going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody our like so um well uh I mean okay little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't um you know well so well so so complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come well uh okay you know well um uh back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the uh okay you know okay uh well I mean goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me like um you know okay um um okay let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did okay I mean you know like uh you know okay start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people like you know so like well uh so were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and you know I mean um you know uh well well stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite so um I mean like uh so I mean podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a uh uh you know you know I mean uh well premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like um okay um you know like like like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you know well I mean so okay I mean okay you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so um you know like um um um well already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h okay well well well I mean like okay or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like okay like uh you know so uh I mean a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening so like uh you know so uh you know. I have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share uh I mean so like I mean uh like of one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job like you know I mean uh so you know so for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from I mean well okay so so so um like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother you know okay um uh so okay I mean and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for I mean um like well well um like a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds uh uh like well like you know like of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is so like you know you know I mean like uh it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake well uh uh well well well like you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your you know like I mean you know well uh like imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display okay um well okay you know I mean like in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes um you know um um okay uh okay them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk okay well so well well uh okay about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week uh I mean well I mean so okay um and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting uh uh okay like um uh okay the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple well uh so so okay um uh reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys well like well okay okay okay I mean have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that I mean so you know so like uh uh you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is how okay so so I mean okay so well I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan your week you know um well so uh okay like to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either avoid I mean well you know um I mean um uh or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose I mean I mean so uh okay uh well of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across like um okay well well uh I mean all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make um um um so like uh so a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you you know uh you know like I mean like so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would so uh I mean I mean like so I mean distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast I mean I mean like um well okay you know and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum you know so um um well well uh listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor okay okay well um okay like well app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of okay you know like well so you know okay 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition well so okay like I mean you know well of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second you know okay so um well like like century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat I mean like um I mean I mean um well outfits of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and well uh like like you know you know okay want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast like okay um okay so well um presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows uh well I mean um I mean well okay Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free like I mean uh I mean you know you know so on Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public uh um um well okay uh um education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory like like well well so um uh the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing well um you know so I mean I mean uh we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think I mean so um um okay you know okay hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with you know you know okay well well well I mean Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking I mean like uh well like so like about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has been okay okay like so so uh okay showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app you know um you know um so so so and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's well um I mean like I mean I mean like given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be like well um so so I mean so famous. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot uh so okay so you know so um of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular uh uh okay you know um like well. Is this song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that like you know like like uh uh like one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a okay I mean well uh so like I mean podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is okay well I mean uh I mean so well the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still um uh I mean um um um uh trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad you know I mean you know you know uh okay I mean editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that uh I mean um um well okay you know were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent I mean you know okay so you know so I mean news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then I mean um uh uh well so you know spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic you know uh so uh well uh okay building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to you know you know you know like well like uh use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot I mean so like I mean uh um I mean of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming okay uh so okay like uh I mean perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a you know I mean you know like um um so slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot like well like um I mean uh like busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our okay uh like like so um like app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on um I mean uh well um uh like personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to I mean like so um uh you know well work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours uh like uh well um you know you know. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of okay like well like okay so well the one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read okay well I mean uh you know well well narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised okay so like you know like uh um to give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a so well uh like uh so I mean single hour. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how like well I mean so so I mean so to formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you I mean well um okay like um well feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern state like um okay I mean you know okay uh flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet deep outside and inside like you know okay you know so so like their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float like um like I mean okay well well by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Hat as it went like uh um um like okay uh downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that hat is very you know uh uh uh so um you know sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around the corner of the uh I mean uh um you know I mean okay house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here uh well I mean uh okay so uh comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously very strange. So um so you know um um okay I mean the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the corner of um uh well okay like well you know the house and came floating back down again after a while. It well uh well like okay well I mean came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and I mean uh uh okay so I mean uh Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are I mean okay you know well uh um so obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this like you know I mean so you know so you know moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like well um okay well okay so well hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's so uh well so uh you know so wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the um like uh um well so like two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us um um like I mean um so so like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives like okay you know okay you know okay you know. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now like okay uh you know okay okay well. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes I mean like uh I mean you know I mean uh that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a um um well you know you know I mean well myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of I mean you know you know so like you know uh my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and you know um well you know well uh uh that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are recording uh so well I mean uh well well our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through uh so okay you know uh uh uh more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual I mean so so okay like I mean okay point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought you know I mean so I mean I mean okay you know we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want to like uh well well um um so be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll like well you know um well I mean well go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the okay well okay so uh I mean um whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did uh okay uh you know uh I mean um like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into they so um uh um okay okay so had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor uh uh uh you know uh uh well it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's okay you know um um so I mean well free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh well like um um like so from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum okay so I mean uh you know um I mean listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be okay you know so like um so I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast so I mean so so I mean you know I mean in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a well well okay so well um okay special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My I mean so you know well uh um uh name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine well like okay uh okay well uh dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I so well well okay I mean like um could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably like so you know like okay well you know accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For uh well um you know uh like okay like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But okay like so well you know well I mean yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I think it's um like I mean well uh like well just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third um uh like um okay um so birthday. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So I mean um so okay okay like uh the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is well uh you know like like um like Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good so I mean okay you know okay um uh show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the I mean you know uh so like um you know week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club uh okay well uh like like I mean and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to you know so so okay like um well Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I I mean well okay I mean you know well okay also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz so you know I mean so well like you know he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror uh you know so I mean uh um like version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other okay okay you know you know okay you know so reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia you know uh so you know uh okay uh of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun uh so um um okay okay I mean of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what like you know you know well like so well I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on well uh like okay okay you know you know Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh so well I mean well okay um. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow so like like okay so like so you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will um well um uh okay so um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts um uh okay I mean I mean I mean okay and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's well I mean so well so okay uh everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app um okay well like so um so or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip well um so you know okay you know well the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller okay um okay um like so I mean on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh you know I mean well uh so uh uh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited okay well like um you know okay like about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in I mean okay um okay like I mean um this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race you know well okay you know uh okay okay coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week I mean you know like um well so like one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So so uh well well you know uh uh March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I okay okay I mean you know so okay like finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week um uh I mean like I mean um like. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for so um I mean so you know okay I mean a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really well so so so well okay um home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because well like like you know like so you know we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will I mean like um uh you know well like say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like so I mean well you know I mean so like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you so well you know like I mean I mean uh know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I um I mean you know uh so well so feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about I mean well um I mean um okay well Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast so I mean I mean well I mean so uh and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account like you know you know you know well I mean so and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a well so um so uh you know um little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you okay like okay like I mean um you know never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your I mean so I mean uh uh um um friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever well I mean so like okay uh um and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps I mean well um well uh so um downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already um I mean um I mean uh um like download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in um I mean I mean like so okay um the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss I mean uh uh I mean like you know like an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's you know so I mean well like you know so episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where well like you know okay like you know so we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey well um like I mean so well um Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean okay well so so you know I mean uh so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to uh okay I mean okay uh um I mean since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax like so okay uh you know okay so that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't you know um well um you know um um think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did I mean uh um um um well so go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty so you know I mean like okay um so cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really I mean uh so okay uh I mean like cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of I mean okay uh um so I mean I mean TV talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good like so so so well okay I mean trouble after show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good I mean well you know I mean you know okay you know season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since okay okay you know like like uh um season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not um okay okay I mean you know so like do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of um you know uh I mean um I mean uh my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the well you know so well well so you know big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in you know well well you know well I mean so high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings so like well you know you know okay so you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are uh well uh uh well so uh you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like so like uh so you know well okay you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around like uh well you know um well uh for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make I mean well well I mean okay I mean you know a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record okay you know you know you know um like you know edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer okay I mean well I mean uh uh um. It will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify you know like you know you know so okay um apple and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum okay um you know I mean well uh you know listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place so so like well I mean okay you know. So here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free um like so uh I mean so well anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor um you know uh so uh um uh dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone um um uh well well I mean um. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for you know like uh so um like so our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original uh like uh uh uh well uh old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was um well well so so I mean okay one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the um I mean I mean uh so like you know first ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie uh you know uh like I mean okay like when I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity okay you know like okay okay I mean I mean and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself well well um okay okay well okay that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk like um I mean um uh um so to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and like okay okay so uh so uh discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what I mean well well um you know um um happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today like I mean um so uh okay uh. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother uh well well okay well like well. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've uh like like well like um well not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this uh I mean um so so okay uh woman that was in our life and so important to many of us I mean I mean well so like okay well and I wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and um well uh like um okay you know that today I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about well um um well you know so like this woman that we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing well you know uh uh so so okay stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today uh you know well um well I mean you know I want you to kind of join me not just with the people that have passed um I mean like um like you know okay away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive uh uh uh well uh well uh to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode I mean you know like well I mean I mean I mean that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television uh uh I mean uh I mean okay okay telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone uh well you know um like um you know exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set I mean so well like um okay you know and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some so I mean like so you know okay uh of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not best uh um okay okay um so uh friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly. Oh so um uh well so you know uh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about um like um like uh um okay how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling uh uh um okay uh well well a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel like I mean I mean uh I mean well you know you know it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much well uh uh um like like okay time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other week like like well like you know uh you know. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you really uh well well okay well you know so leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one uh I mean um well okay okay uh shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's okay uh I mean I mean so well uh spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on you know well um um okay uh well my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the okay I mean um I mean so I mean uh same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just well I mean you know okay okay so like gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? uh so um so like so um Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing you know so well I mean um I mean um on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles well uh you know okay um you know well around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic uh well um um um okay I mean woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her okay I mean so so I mean I mean uh name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a long I mean well okay uh I mean well well time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born with no um so um I mean so I mean so arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just a okay well uh well so like uh kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to you know uh so like you know I mean like create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in okay so like you know I mean well uh the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is I mean you know so I mean like well um to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being okay like so I mean so uh uh vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite well like I mean um I mean um I mean. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue um like so I mean so you know I mean to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as so okay like uh um uh I mean a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way well like okay you know uh I mean you know out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons the like uh um okay well uh like music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a uh I mean so like okay so so big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose like I mean you know um you know um okay and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a like so I mean you know okay you know so lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight you know you know so so you know well um away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to well so I mean well so like um listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So like like like you know um okay I mean yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead studying so uh so uh I mean I mean well physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect so okay so like so uh so. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm so you know you know like um uh uh not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends okay okay uh you know so so okay puff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing okay uh so I mean okay well okay this really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to okay well uh you know like like uh give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you okay I mean like like so like um like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a um um well um so so you know couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and um like um like you know um uh then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go um I mean uh well well uh uh to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of so so like well like well uh the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe uh so um well like well I mean you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try um uh you know well um like uh to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious you know well I mean like so so like. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No well okay okay you know uh like okay reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek like um you know so like well I mean. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba well I mean okay well well okay like is dull soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step so well like uh I mean so like program. We support people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in okay so you know well I mean okay so a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight I mean I mean I mean okay like you know uh the benefits of a sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show um like well so so uh uh is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I you know like like I mean like so you know am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me um well um um well I mean like explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast I mean you know uh like well so like right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you well I mean you know um so okay I mean. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you can I mean um I mean well I mean so okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to well like like well like um well make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that day like uh so so well so like well it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending messages you know like I mean uh like like I mean to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series and well so you know uh okay okay I mean when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to talk um um uh um you know okay well a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but I mean um like okay like like so most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about it okay well you know uh um I mean um. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk so okay like well you know okay uh about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who I you know well I mean uh like okay well am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut down due to like so you know I mean like okay well financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to uh like um you know so okay um thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and uh you know I mean like well like um you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of okay so you know so I mean like okay relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and well you know uh I mean okay okay like still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls so you know well okay I mean okay uh go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout uh well so like uh well so out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love well like I mean uh um well so you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out um well um okay um uh um to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is uh well so I mean um uh uh that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, so I mean you know uh uh uh I mean where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be I mean like um okay so well um hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make okay so um well I mean so well it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on well um like I mean uh uh okay them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready okay like so okay well well so to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you I mean uh I mean you know like like well Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of um well so you know okay uh well the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual like um uh like you know so you know key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle um like uh like um so okay. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the so okay um uh um so like difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what like um uh I mean I mean like so do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, so okay so um um like okay you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick well um I mean like uh so well and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we I mean you know okay uh um okay like came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor like I mean like you know okay so you know app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a podcast you know you know you know so you know so so. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for many you know I mean I mean I mean so I mean um reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have to pay I mean well well um well I mean so a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to you know okay uh I mean I mean okay um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer or you know so so you know so I mean like even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have you know you know okay uh like so like to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms well you know I mean well you know um um. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money okay uh um well I mean so you know. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read um like so so you know well like and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you like um okay well like um well on your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher well uh so like uh I mean um a student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person um okay so well well well okay. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to so so like so I mean uh so grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be okay well uh I mean um uh so doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a well okay well um uh well like heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the um um you know okay okay you know well first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, um so okay like you know so I mean except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it you know so okay um like so like live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may um like I mean um I mean uh you know be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna uh so um um so well well go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm I mean so you know um like okay okay just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting our well okay you know uh I mean you know you know bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up okay so like okay like like I mean. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I you know well I mean you know um uh I mean ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring I mean well like uh uh uh um spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All well okay um well okay um you know hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back you know um um you know you know so okay. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off well okay I mean well well okay I mean with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of you know so um um like um like a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament like I mean um you know like like like work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun uh uh okay um uh so okay start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same well um so so uh uh like team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the you know so uh okay so you know okay end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we well well I mean so uh uh you know want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against I mean I mean um I mean uh so um last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and like so okay like like uh you know more on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has okay I mean um uh uh like okay I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, like um so so you know um I mean how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a I mean so um um you know I mean you know few days later than we would have liked. I actually had a bit of like so I mean I mean like uh I mean a vacation early early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack like you know so I mean uh so uh. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? uh well you know well okay okay you know All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we I mean you know okay okay so um so haven't really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, um I mean well okay uh so so obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right so well you know so well um I mean. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've I mean I mean so um you know okay I mean you know kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me you know okay okay okay okay like I mean for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you okay uh so so I mean you know uh somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor you know like you know well okay okay uh here. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor I mean well okay uh you know you know so. You know, what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to I mean I mean okay like you know so like use, you know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know you know um uh well uh so okay when the biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free like you know um okay like uh well. So download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get okay I mean um you know like well you know started. Take care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I okay well well well okay well okay am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome okay I mean uh uh um um so to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the you know you know like you know you know you know well supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share well I mean um um um okay so a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire um uh um uh I mean I mean like at gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and like so like you know so you know okay would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going with okay okay okay okay you know um uh day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a supreme I mean okay okay you know I mean like okay novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 like I mean you know I mean uh I mean you know Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last um you know like so so okay you know 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding well I mean like I mean like I mean I mean him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a stirring for okay well I mean uh um like so lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably the best you know well like so like you know so form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as um okay I mean well so um like two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking well so so uh okay um you know very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of okay uh I mean like like uh like him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so like well you know well um so well far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum okay I mean um so like like like bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We well okay uh I mean uh so well got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game okay like I mean okay okay okay you know of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll uh um so I mean you know so well has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna you know okay okay so uh you know I mean win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it. So stay uh uh well well well like okay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going to end off I mean um um you know um like so talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season coming up and um well I mean okay like I mean uh we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys like okay you know um like uh you know enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long you know like like I mean uh um like week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, you know okay like well so okay you know they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva um uh um you know like I mean uh. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing like like okay okay um you know okay show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush okay so uh you know um you know like the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this um uh like uh I mean I mean uh week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the I mean you know so like I mean I mean um woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country in I mean um you know I mean okay um I mean Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong like I mean so so like you know you know Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch or I mean you know um so I mean like so brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going uh um you know um like well okay to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus like so um uh you know so like and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this I mean like so you know okay well like this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it you know well um I mean so I mean you know to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right well like okay um um you know uh now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response well well well uh well um like already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to okay well so you know you know like okay another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of okay you know I mean so you know I mean so topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all uh okay okay I mean I mean you know um sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what well well um so you know um um I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia okay you know um I mean um um you know class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to well okay I mean you know you know okay okay them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just so well um uh so well um messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first um uh like um like well well spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew so okay okay so um so okay with us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of well like well I mean uh um well stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier so like uh like well you know like and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on like okay you know uh you know uh I mean the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey okay like I mean um like so you know guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're you know okay um I mean uh okay okay at track me where the track office not really supposed to be got um uh like you know so like I mean some audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and you know I mean well uh um okay well a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was um so like okay uh um so a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the so uh so you know um well okay roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a okay uh well like um like okay fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number one problem and okay I mean um well um okay um really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current objects of okay um so so you know well um pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for the so I mean you know uh I mean like you know radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to I mean you know okay okay like well okay practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the okay like well you know okay you know um watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on you know so I mean okay so well so these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down well um uh uh you know okay um the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're well you know like okay you know you know I mean going back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and so well uh I mean um like I mean charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking uh I mean well well um well so sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March uh I mean uh uh okay I mean um Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a like so um you know I mean okay I mean Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his um well like like I mean you know so fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are uh I mean uh well well you know I mean talking about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also I mean like I mean okay okay so uh quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it so okay you know okay well like you know and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have so well so you know like you know uh for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the book uh so well well uh you know okay definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it probably uh like like I mean well so uh day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't teach uh like um um um um um it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the first um you know okay uh uh like so thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something you know so like uh you know you know okay right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today so like I mean so I mean like uh in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's okay okay um well you know okay well an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy um like okay uh like so um Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and um I mean uh I mean uh like uh there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings so um um well um you know well characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today like you know I mean I mean so uh so you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while um you know so like you know so um where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need well okay uh uh well uh you know to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till well well so okay um well well now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will uh uh I mean um I mean uh okay get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got I mean so you know uh so um um this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is um okay so like I mean like so your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll uh um okay so you know um um be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go um uh uh well well um uh for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy I mean like well uh you know you know okay everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for like I mean so um uh you know so joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you um like well I mean you know uh well choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully okay okay um you know well well okay I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode okay I mean like uh like um you know is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the um okay I mean uh um um uh very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media I mean um I mean so I mean I mean um for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another like well okay um so well so podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London um I mean well you know okay okay uh marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I okay so um okay so um so was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have you know you know so like like I mean you know got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate well well so like okay uh I mean club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It would I mean you know okay well so so like name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we have and um um okay I mean um uh like I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said anything uh I mean okay okay um okay well you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm okay I mean um well um so um trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast like you know well you know you know like so episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one uh uh so um okay well okay person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and you um so uh so you know uh well guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have like you know well um well I mean uh to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it well so I mean I mean I mean okay like with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This um um so you know uh okay okay is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to well you know so well uh well so me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like so uh okay well you know I mean um something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back uh uh okay um okay well I mean to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, um so well well uh I mean like it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm like so um okay so uh so nippy as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or you know um so uh like like well is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah I mean so so like I mean I mean uh. It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees okay uh so uh you know um well. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children um like like um you know uh so and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to okay so okay well okay well so create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media uh well I mean well well like so marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am uh I mean you know I mean you know I mean well terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 well well I mean um uh well uh & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and you know so so so like well you know distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, I mean you know I mean I mean you know like okay everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have so so I mean like uh uh so heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come so so so like I mean uh like from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading like like you know um you know okay you know a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world I mean so I mean so well you know so starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in like okay okay I mean I mean okay uh New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist um so like um uh okay like electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from you know so okay I mean well well okay time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We okay like okay well like like okay talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this you know so you know um so okay like is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, like uh um I mean well you know I mean which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a okay um um well um so uh horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go um you know uh well you know um okay finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially uh like um so you know um well unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this um uh well uh I mean um so week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are well I mean uh you know um like okay you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was uh I mean uh you know you know okay um yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different well okay I mean so so okay um reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I um well uh so so uh you know can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and well um uh um you know like you know FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of live I mean I mean well like like you know okay videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you listen um so you know like uh okay okay to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then uh like uh uh um you know like move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat so I mean I mean well uh like you know. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and so so um you know like um uh that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it you know so well um okay like uh. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we you know well uh I mean uh I mean like try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life a so uh um um uh so like better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and shit from uh okay like so like well so dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming uh you know so so okay okay you know live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live so so I mean um okay okay so. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and you know like so I mean so so I mean look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's you know I mean you know um um so uh it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special um um so so so well okay broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about you know well okay you know like okay well Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not well well I mean like um so you know as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series like okay I mean so so you know you know a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage like um well so well you know so that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all you know I mean like um like I mean well the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's I mean okay so like like like um Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, like so so you know um like well we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in um you know you know uh so so okay today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies you know um like you know okay well you know. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting well I mean um so you know well um off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast you know uh like well I mean um well. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? uh uh like so uh well okay Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're um okay I mean um I mean so I mean going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different well uh okay so you know so so vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you like you know um uh well you know okay guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium okay like like I mean okay uh uh page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living um well you know okay I mean you know well organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk like so like uh you know so you know a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and so okay I mean uh uh well um thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism so I mean like okay you know so um. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're uh okay you know I mean um you know um here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for well you know uh well um you know okay Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew um I mean uh okay uh well well Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game uh well like like uh you know I mean the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that um well so you know so you know um you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That uh uh uh okay so um so was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, okay okay so okay you know like like because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have so I mean you know I mean you know so uh a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today uh uh uh I mean like well you know. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the well like okay uh okay okay you know fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change you know um so so well like uh in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that so um you know um like okay okay the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely uh uh uh so uh uh well way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came um well uh so like well like earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being well I mean you know you know um so so cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains uh so like I mean I mean okay well is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of so uh I mean um uh I mean you know Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our I mean you know okay I mean so like I mean senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 uh um you know okay uh uh um today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I you know um you know uh so okay uh put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I I mean so I mean uh you know I mean okay have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the I mean okay um so uh I mean uh earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall uh like like uh uh um okay be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will I mean uh you know well so I mean so not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the you know I mean you know uh um like uh portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the you know um I mean um like like so Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I like okay uh well okay uh so Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner uh you know I mean like you know uh well. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match like well like well so well I mean. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay uh you know okay um uh so well. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping like so um you know you know I mean well Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is up dude? you know okay you know well well like uh How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, you know, you know uh well um uh you know well it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody to talk MLS okay um okay you know uh you know so from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden to find like like so okay well um so somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is so okay okay so like well so it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a okay uh uh okay um like well person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a okay you know I mean you know um well like traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one like um so so I mean uh well of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did uh I mean so okay uh like I mean with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave okay okay like like uh like okay it a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when okay you know like well well um like they gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could you know um you know uh um so well hit where it could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that okay well you know I mean you know I mean you know is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick like so okay um I mean so um shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to I mean well so I mean well uh like my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want so okay uh like um like so to start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off I mean uh uh you know okay you know okay the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions well uh uh so like I mean uh. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into you know uh so you know um um um like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money I mean so like well uh okay I mean from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very uh uh so I mean like I mean like simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing you know okay I mean so um you know like your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free you know you know um okay well you know um. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's like you know okay so so well uh the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's um um I mean you know like well like creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast I mean uh uh so I mean okay so from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many uh okay okay okay well um well more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the uh I mean well you know well um so podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind like well like like well well you know you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need so um well well well well well to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the uh well you know well um um uh App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, like um well uh well uh I mean yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast uh you know okay uh uh so so Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing man like so okay like uh like I mean. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how so okay so um okay I mean so we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot um well you know like like um you know f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms I mean like you know like you know so so. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your uh so well I mean you know so okay phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app well like okay so you know uh I mean to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt you know okay I mean um okay like okay get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order. Welcome okay um like well so so uh to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with your well well okay I mean um um well host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be well you know so I mean you know you know well talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy stuff um well okay well like well you know. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy sexual vitality you know you know okay I mean well so um and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual uh like okay I mean I mean um okay Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual like well uh okay I mean you know um Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our well well so uh okay you know uh world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest well uh um well uh okay well sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired you know you know like um um uh so afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this so uh you know like I mean okay um partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana okay like um so I mean so so is all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone um um um you know uh I mean I mean who inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that um um uh um like well uh by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention like I mean so I mean like well uh it all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, so well well you know um uh uh of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like like I mean you know um you know uh well Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I you know I mean like so well okay like say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people I mean well um so I mean okay okay really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because you know uh I mean like okay you know well it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber um so you know um uh well okay joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick uh okay um like uh you know so and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying you know like you know I mean um so uh to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the I mean you know so so well like uh right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on uh well okay uh so I mean so. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend okay okay uh I mean like so so or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, well like uh well well I mean um you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know uh so um I mean well uh you know they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode you know um um so um like so make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot you know so um so you know uh uh of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing so um so uh uh okay you know very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload uh well uh I mean okay I mean you know this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it like uh like so well I mean um all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, so uh okay uh uh okay you know it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we um okay uh I mean um like like just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with well um I mean so like um I mean it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your you know so so you know you know uh okay podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes you know you know like so okay okay so. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post so uh I mean I mean so uh uh it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I can be I mean well so um like well you know heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't have to okay I mean okay okay I mean uh I mean do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money well like I mean okay so well well off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with you know uh I mean I mean well um so no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man well I mean I mean uh I mean uh so. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a um so uh okay um um like podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me um okay um you know okay um uh explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit uh well so so well uh I mean your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So like well I mean I mean um so you know it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can like I mean you know you know you know like so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a like uh okay so well like you know podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three uh um um I mean um well okay of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two uh well so okay well okay so parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves uh you know like I mean so okay um somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away I mean well I mean like okay you know you know with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within a you know you know so so so like like month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably like so you know like well I mean uh had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has um so well like um like well made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining um so um like like um you know to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to well uh so like um okay I mean determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an um I mean I mean so okay you know so important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their well uh um okay okay I mean uh Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control well I mean you know I mean um so so of what they would like and as a man this is important to your success so like okay well uh uh you know. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want to uh okay well um I mean like like become a man of value so that way other men or other people so okay like um you know okay you know in general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So so you know you know okay well okay you know here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a so uh so well so so like person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going so um like um uh uh uh to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit I mean uh I mean like um um so to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five like you know um you know okay okay I mean to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring you know okay I mean okay um um I mean this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan well okay like you know um well so in the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm um um uh okay you know you know I mean good feels a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times uh well so uh like you know uh it does. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all I mean um I mean well well uh um due respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill okay so um um uh like uh krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but you know okay you know okay uh I mean um we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew uh okay so like um I mean okay was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go um well you know I mean so um um ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys so so I mean so you know so so want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down uh you know so so well uh um. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we well uh well um I mean I mean okay got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, um um like um um um well so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there are like well so so like uh I mean hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die of old so okay well I mean I mean like um age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was like okay I mean um uh okay so convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man wanted I mean um you know okay I mean so I mean the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison well so okay uh uh like like and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee um you know you know like uh um um hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup like well so uh you know so so of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life you know so okay you know like well you know in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at Tommy's I mean okay um uh okay you know well high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something special a little well um uh okay um okay um bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they want to well well um well I mean you know I mean answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull a question out of so uh um um uh you know I mean the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to answer it you know like like well so well um and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, I want so I mean um you know so so you know to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I cannot um well um so okay well like wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This individual is like so uh well I mean like okay awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you want okay so uh like so okay I mean to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit like so I mean so you know um so of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci well okay you know like I mean I mean so a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide like uh so like okay okay like you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So like well well I mean well um well the film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more uh um well so uh you know you know easily when they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when um I mean you know okay um I mean so they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay well so um uh so I mean me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record well you know uh you know okay uh uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for uh um so uh like so okay you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make um uh well you know uh um like money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make uh I mean like okay well okay you know podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get so uh well well uh well uh started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant um I mean uh like you know um uh presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, uh um um you know like so well maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible I mean you know I mean um well well so manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, like I mean I mean uh you know uh um we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for like so well so I mean I mean you know their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday well so I mean so I mean I mean you know funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you okay I mean like like so um um save this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade so I mean like um um I mean you know 5 teacher and professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense so you know like so like well so of humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun okay well uh okay um uh so and this is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday uh uh um uh I mean um okay funny is I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are so so I mean okay um uh you know you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the like you know well well um you know okay jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? okay I mean um so um okay uh Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we okay uh you know like well um um in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry so I mean um okay um okay I mean for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice like you know so um you know well um. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community you know okay I mean you know you know uh so. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? well well I mean you know you know so I mean We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you well uh I mean like okay I mean I mean can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then you know I mean um so so I mean um that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain so um uh I mean I mean well um sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous uh you know so I mean I mean you know I mean Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check uh okay okay like so um um out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of I mean like okay well um so so urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of I mean um like you know you know like uh this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide like like uh well so you know uh and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe in so so you know well well well well werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this okay I mean like so like I mean like is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets well uh so uh you know you know like. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well as I mean okay uh so well I mean well fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial to uh uh so uh uh so I mean get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss I mean well you know so okay like okay what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the um okay I mean uh well I mean so FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to so well okay you know okay uh I mean do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much I mean so so um I mean you know well and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the well well so you know okay um like S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going so okay you know so I mean um like to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot well um so well you know okay so moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure so you know so okay you know I mean well about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed um well uh well I mean okay uh off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was so uh well you know like um uh only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do like I mean like well uh I mean uh before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could I mean um uh um like okay I mean just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly you know you know like so um you know well say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 okay so like well you know so okay Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 when players on well I mean you know I mean you know okay so the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off gambling debts like so um okay I mean like like a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from history like well uh well like okay I mean tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or like I mean uh so like okay well wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the uh like well okay uh well I mean crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern um I mean well okay you know um uh Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host well okay so well okay I mean okay. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology you know I mean okay like well so uh. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love like I mean so so well uh well helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each you know I mean okay I mean so well well week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques okay uh I mean uh uh okay uh for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks uh uh so I mean okay uh so like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their so you know I mean you know so okay so biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich you know um I mean you know I mean you know well full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to so like well um well like like find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills well okay you know I mean like uh like towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on uh so I mean uh you know like okay this Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you like like you know I mean uh um uh know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte well I mean like so you know I mean well did not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking um well okay like well okay so to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from you know I mean like I mean okay uh so a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause like you know you know uh like well I mean for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm I mean you know okay like I mean like I mean. So why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where uh so so I mean okay so uh you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor I mean like um so okay I mean okay this is the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is okay okay okay uh I mean uh like how I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to uh I mean okay like okay um so use. It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially so I mean you know like well I mean so a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your okay uh I mean okay like you know so phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy you know you know okay like I mean I mean uh so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work I mean well like um well well like literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my like um um I mean you know I mean uh first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum um well you know um you know like like listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If so I mean you know so so I mean so you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea um you know okay okay like okay you know download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to well so you know so I mean um you know get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a I mean well you know like uh like well bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I uh like um so um well you know was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder well you know you know uh um uh well song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all um um like I mean you know like like it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for you know I mean well uh okay um okay me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I well um um uh um well uh mean, first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, uh like well I mean well well you know you've got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of I mean like so like well like I mean Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening you know okay you know well well I mean like to it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? so um so uh you know you know okay We need to give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that you know you know okay I mean uh so you know cycle and I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this uh uh okay okay like uh like to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost uh I mean I mean well you know uh you know the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually I mean you know well uh I mean you know um making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event well you know I mean um like I mean so because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one you know so okay like uh well like of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better uh uh you know well so so uh off if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My like okay I mean you know uh so well parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We okay well well okay well okay you know need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital well um I mean so okay you know um and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from you know okay I mean um well um I mean paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so I mean like like you know uh uh me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not you know um uh well so so okay sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no okay uh like like you know okay um money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works um I mean uh um well okay I mean out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out like well you know well I mean I mean like of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go I mean I mean like um you know um like with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay so I mean I mean well you know well right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you well uh I mean I mean um okay I mean. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you like well you know I mean I mean so so can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found well like like okay um you know so that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast like uh I mean okay um well so in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked um you know okay I mean you know you know well to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were like I mean you know um well um I mean young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted um like okay um um um I mean to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show well you know okay okay like okay like. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with I mean so you know well so uh so a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real okay so so um well you know okay life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it like uh like I mean well like uh was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk um so okay you know so okay well about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so uh like you know well well uh you know excited about talking to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom like uh okay I mean well well so expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just I mean okay uh I mean okay so okay about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing I mean you know well like um well um Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff well I mean I mean um you know like okay. I get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping okay um um okay like okay um. Some VIP. So this is our time for us to be together and for me uh I mean okay like okay okay um to answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been okay so so um so like well in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more um okay well okay okay okay uh vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting okay well like like like I mean okay married and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card um I mean you know okay so you know okay investor five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff I mean well okay like well like so Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest like you know you know well well uh you know in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we I mean uh uh well well well okay all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday like um so so okay uh I mean. And wow. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card I mean um like so okay well I mean Market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely I mean well well so uh um uh amazing things. I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is I mean so you know so I mean so uh Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest you know uh you know well like uh okay on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course okay so like uh you know okay um all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you you know so I mean you know you know you know um doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I you know well uh okay uh um uh should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when okay like um like um um well I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host like um so um okay you know I mean how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was well um uh okay you know so okay so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m uh so okay uh I mean uh um is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started okay okay I mean I mean okay uh so podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing so okay um well uh like well a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always uh uh okay uh okay you know uh say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a uh okay okay okay so okay I mean release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I okay you know um okay well um I mean forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I you know okay so like I mean um so just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I mean okay uh well well you know so I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training so so so okay I mean uh okay gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but like like uh so so well you know I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work so um okay okay okay like I mean out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand well so okay okay well you know you know out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what I mean like um um so so okay that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after like you know uh so I mean so um you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's okay I mean you know okay well um um plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you well I mean so okay you know um you know teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or little um well um okay okay well well hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to uh okay well like you know you know okay pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment uh um uh well so okay okay our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode you know um okay um like okay you know of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis so you know well well uh you know so of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and you know um you know you know okay uh you know what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to uh um okay so like so you know address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's um I mean okay okay uh so uh been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri like uh um I mean I mean I mean well House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more okay uh I mean um okay um I mean recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little I mean so so well okay um you know bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I absolutely you know well like um you know I mean okay love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow um um okay you know uh like uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um like like uh uh I mean so your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can you know so well I mean you know I mean well hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to so um um you know okay uh um make money from your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really like uh okay you know I mean like well everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I you know I mean I mean so uh like well find it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the okay you know you know uh like uh you know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm well uh well I mean well um like telling you it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into um like you know uh like I mean so creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll well I mean um um I mean you know so be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes like uh uh I mean I mean okay so. Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for so I mean well um okay uh um the next few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of um uh uh I mean I mean so like motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from you know I mean okay I mean okay like uh the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God uh um well so um so okay for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to um so well like like okay so orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and um like like so you know so okay privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a so so uh um so okay you know podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record I mean you know like um I mean okay you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your well like like well like I mean um podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many like uh well okay like so so more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you uh you know um I mean well um uh need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good uh um so like so okay like Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk I mean um you know like like okay uh. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom you know well uh like uh um uh expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not I mean you know like uh so um well just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about you know um you know like I mean okay so establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is uh well um so well like well Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about okay so okay I mean so um uh something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed you know okay okay uh so okay I mean on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something I mean uh like well okay so so. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was well um uh well like you know like a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so we well um so uh like uh um should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip uh well well you know so I mean like or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I uh well I mean well you know uh I mean have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just don't realize so okay okay I mean okay so uh it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories so uh I mean well uh okay well from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister uh okay well um like so uh at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is well um uh uh um um well Ana Fuentes. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude um okay okay so um I mean like. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special like you know okay I mean so okay um episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe um okay I mean uh uh uh so a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for uh well like you know I mean okay so sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten uh well like um uh I mean I mean edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have uh okay like okay okay I mean you know a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to uh so um I mean well I mean well do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on a uh um um uh so uh so podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode uh you know you know so like um okay of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual like uh uh like I mean uh well principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name uh uh well I mean uh you know okay is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to um like so like well so I mean understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations in I mean um like okay um well so your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having I mean I mean I mean I mean okay like uh a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who okay I mean so I mean like I mean um is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to I mean so okay like okay so I mean be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, well well like um well uh well but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want okay well so I mean I mean um okay to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world I mean you know you know I mean so well you know also do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks I mean okay well I mean like well so. Hey, we're live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education I mean I mean so well I mean like okay strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to uh um um you know I mean so well start training your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine um like so uh um well um training in this is the what would you have to show when you do a you know okay you know so um you know like one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping you know like uh okay I mean you know like out onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been you know like you know okay I mean okay like things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a okay uh um like like so I mean baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians uh you know uh like um like well for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective okay uh well like uh so uh. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys like uh well I mean I mean well you know in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment okay you know I mean like you know okay well room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I so so okay um uh like uh am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would so well I mean um uh like okay love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the questions well you know like I mean so um like that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles I mean like um uh you know um well. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on like like um um uh like well which is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first like like like well well well okay my daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled well well like um so you know uh. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on well well so you know well so like America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I well okay um uh okay so okay have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you know so um you know I mean uh well you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song okay you know so so I mean like so and the video as well as the falling music video which came out like I mean you know well uh like I mean today as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just well well okay um so well you know gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we so like well so like uh okay have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society. This well um you know well you know um like podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I think okay like um I mean okay okay um are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the you know so okay um well okay um really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about the I mean like like well okay I mean well lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the I mean like um you know well so uh music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I well um um well uh you know well am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call I mean you know uh well well um like one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made like I mean well so like like okay with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading okay I mean well um well so um on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only well you know so well uh you know so subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing you know I mean I mean well I mean well um this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my I mean okay you know um okay okay okay name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and you know I mean I mean well you know well okay Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday like um okay well um uh so. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday so so you know so okay um like in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted I mean well uh like uh um like all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I you know um okay like um well so have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your like you know okay so like you know um very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor okay um uh you know I mean uh um FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool uh you know so so I mean uh so that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh you know I mean um uh you know okay your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be okay like you know like you know well uh heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with well so um so you know okay you know no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make sure like well like like you know like I mean you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type um um um okay I mean uh you know in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl so well um you know well so like lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagramcom like I mean I mean so I mean I mean uh. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney well well uh so okay you know uh plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by I mean okay you know so um you know like at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the um like well um so uh well green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that um um you know you know I mean you know uh was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll be um you know you know okay okay well you know getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki so I mean I mean so um uh um as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out uh you know so uh you know like you know of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being I mean well well like um like like brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions so like like like I mean you know so uh will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki okay uh uh like uh I mean like. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see I mean okay okay I mean um you know so in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for so well like uh well so I mean your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie uh well okay okay um well okay news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to like okay you know uh well like so keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show I mean I mean um um I mean you know like start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush you know I mean um so like um um around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic uh you know okay like I mean uh like women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois um I mean uh uh um okay like. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and so well uh so I mean um um an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches well I mean um um well I mean uh but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and well okay uh uh um so well show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph so well okay like like um you know. It's up. Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode um like like um like you know okay. We're trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea like you know like so okay uh okay one night and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now you know um um uh you know well I mean here we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do like um so so okay I mean uh every weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you know okay um so so well so you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out okay like like okay so uh you know to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous uh I mean so I mean um um okay. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in um I mean uh okay well uh you know a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's well so I mean okay I mean so so a cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're uh well um you know you know I mean so about to hear and want to listen to more True Crime events from history you know okay um uh well like um. Check out our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every I mean uh so uh so so well day follow today in True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today well well uh so um I mean uh is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college like I mean okay well like well uh student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back you know uh so like you know um okay baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to um okay well okay like so you know be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one back so I mean you know okay I mean well I mean after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses. Just uh um you know well um uh well let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came well so like okay you know well well back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest I mean uh like well so uh you know with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt well you know you know so I mean okay okay a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot uh I mean okay I mean you know well okay of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? Absolutely, you know I mean so so you know um so not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we all wanted okay so I mean um well um like by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies uh like well uh well like you know. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? I um um okay so well I mean like need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 so welcome so uh well uh like like uh back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and episode like okay like um uh okay like like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I know uh well okay um so so okay and I know there's some I love okay so off the top as usual well um I mean like uh um I mean Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, um like I mean I mean like um well I got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a I mean like so well okay so I mean daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means like so I mean uh uh I mean so to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18 like okay so so I mean uh well. So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self you know uh okay so you know um you know is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us well uh I mean well like okay you know an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not uh um um like well well okay to the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the like you know I mean so like well uh things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if you so you know you know okay you know uh like haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast you know um um um uh well so first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make uh like um I mean uh I mean okay you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well I mean like um well um well podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo well you know well you know uh you know I mean switch craft have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast so I mean you know uh okay like um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else you know okay so uh I mean I mean you know where you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership uh you know um I mean okay I mean okay in order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you okay I mean well um so well um you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's uh so so so like you know uh everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've so so you know you know uh like um always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do okay um uh so well uh so download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for okay like well I mean you know okay okay giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is you know uh well well um like so free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you okay like so okay um uh you know to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your um like like uh you know I mean uh podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast you know okay I mean okay um okay well and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and okay um uh uh okay like I mean we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast you know um well you know um okay uh and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from like um I mean like I mean so okay the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a okay well I mean well so I mean I mean podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, well so um well like uh I mean go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to you know uh so so like so okay Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy. I'm um um um well well uh okay Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? so like you know I mean like like uh What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like you know um you know okay so you know you know them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top so so I mean okay uh well okay and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast that okay so okay um so I mean uh we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has smelt um so I mean uh uh I mean well a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while and I so you know well you know well so okay made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we like I mean okay okay I mean okay so thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few older. So well uh so so I mean I mean um this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And well um I mean okay so uh I mean if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our okay you know like um uh okay like conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do so you know so uh um um you know. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can get you know okay um I mean okay you know okay to know us that more about who you actually listened to and um so like well okay uh I mean then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper um so you know uh I mean so uh questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower like um you know like uh you know like here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and you know okay okay um okay um uh stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab uh um well like um I mean you know your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for um well so uh I mean uh so this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her okay um uh I mean well I mean so amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family. Now, you know like so okay uh well I mean you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part uh uh uh you know like so you know of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC well you know you know I mean so I mean uh is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show so like you know okay you know okay okay notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the well um okay uh okay well uh answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing like okay you know I mean um I mean you know better than to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of um okay okay so okay uh okay it just to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do like okay so you know so like you know you ever hear me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far um okay um okay I mean um I mean. My question was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen like well okay um well you know well to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free like you know well okay okay uh like without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic I mean like well well um so like plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users I mean okay uh um I mean okay so can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're um well you know you know um uh okay listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, so you know like well you know um so be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on um like so well um so well Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow um you know okay so okay like I mean me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of okay well um so so um uh Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the so um well um I mean like like show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer well you know like like like you know like your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I I mean um uh you know so like um have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because I so okay like so you know um I mean had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it so well so like you know um okay can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall I mean so um okay so well like into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which like well um okay uh you know like I know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop um you know like I mean well um so and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so I mean so well um I mean uh uh very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so um I mean okay you know you know I mean uh powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker link so um well uh like like okay and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title well uh okay I mean okay so like ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax you know um so well uh I mean you know and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that well like you know so um so I mean you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes uh um okay okay so um you know up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what like uh I mean um I mean um you know we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight um well so uh I mean well I mean. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with you know uh um like uh uh um Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the like I mean you know so well so like Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of okay uh I mean you know uh I mean like it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford so like like like so um you know copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help uh um I mean like you know um you know you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and like uh well uh so I mean I mean then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March okay so um uh you know um you know 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was okay well uh like I mean you know uh arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He um okay like I mean okay so I mean would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of well uh okay you know okay um uh the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have um um okay you know well I mean you know to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on so um uh like well so you know Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one well um okay so so well okay to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover well well I mean uh so you know so all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board um like you know I mean like uh uh style question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and you know um you know well uh so uh share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need um well uh um well okay like to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts Monica you know okay like okay you know so well Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women to harness the I mean like well I mean um you know you know power of their period and connected FM has blood in this episode. We'll be so uh I mean so okay okay so talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine flow so you know um um well I mean so your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will you know okay I mean um um uh you know walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as other well like well you know well so well the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too okay okay so well well uh um afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my apartment you know so okay I mean okay I mean you know in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but well I mean uh well okay well you know basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with you know okay well okay okay like like like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment you know um uh like uh so um and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah uh well you know you know well okay like. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and well um okay uh I mean you know well she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at all I mean okay I mean I mean you know you know I mean was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, let's so uh I mean um um um I mean fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do this you know well uh um um I mean I mean. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to business so I mean I mean like I mean you know um and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always need you know so okay I mean well like well to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And I um like so okay so like like was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like like okay I mean okay I mean so I mean I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's okay uh um you know okay uh you know word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on okay well like uh well so uh things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning and joy okay so okay well um I mean uh everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want okay you know okay I mean like I mean like you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form uh um you know you know you know so okay. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast so so so okay so um uh with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on I mean well like you know I mean like like weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like so okay uh so okay um um listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with so so like um you know okay uh double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited you know okay uh uh well okay okay about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers I mean you know so so I mean okay well. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and well okay well uh so like I mean your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome um you know uh you know you know so I mean wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? so uh well you know you know um okay I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm you know um I mean I mean okay um okay not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's okay like I mean uh um well um warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm like well uh so okay like you know when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with uh um well you know like I mean well me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash well okay uh like um um I mean. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you I mean you know I mean so like like well. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I well you know uh okay you know I mean okay was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes um okay you know like uh I mean you know into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel well like I mean well um so um like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say so you know um uh um like okay like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like in um okay okay like um uh I mean my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out of so um well you know like I mean um nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't know how like well so well I mean uh um to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing you know okay you know so like like well yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means I mean okay you know well so I mean so. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz um I mean um well like um so love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a I mean well okay well like um so million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is gonna well well well so so well okay be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's well okay well you know well uh so been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it uh um so so well um I mean for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say I mean well like I mean uh you know like the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah so um so okay like like like. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the uh okay okay you know so so um Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful uh you know so you know like uh um eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of so like so um well um like nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand like well okay well uh I mean uh Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always like uh uh okay you know okay well date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of this and I mean like um well like I mean you know I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG um um okay I mean um well um Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am so okay like well so you know uh I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early like um uh okay um I mean well got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff you know uh like you know uh I mean um and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am I uh uh well you know um you know you know 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish um like well I mean okay like you know but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with okay you know I mean like I mean well um my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for well okay I mean well uh so um sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got home from so so so okay you know uh like the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food. So I so you know okay uh like I mean you know had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller. But you know okay so so uh um like yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in okay so I mean okay um um well the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because um I mean I mean so well you know well I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I um so okay well uh well I mean highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions uh okay so like okay like well on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free uh uh so uh so like uh editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you and you know um I mean like okay like you know So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app like so like so well okay I mean or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC okay I mean uh I mean you know I mean uh hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode um I mean I mean well okay okay okay of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so you know you know okay uh I mean you know you know much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a so so like well you know well you know name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name so I mean um I mean well um uh kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast uh you know um like I mean you know uh at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual so okay you know okay well well so restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how okay I mean um um okay um so we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help um uh uh um um you know um kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it um um okay um you know like so be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just you know you know like um I mean I mean um ate Indian food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and so like uh like uh well you know thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape uh uh like you know you know you know um here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also so like like I mean uh like well a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We um um like um you know I mean well have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying I mean well so like okay um okay the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or so um so so I mean uh uh let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this I mean okay like like um uh okay video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot like like well um like so so. If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do like um well I mean you know so so leave a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If um uh I mean so uh so you know so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools okay um well well you know so okay that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for you know okay uh so like uh um / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's so um um you know well I mean okay www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being uh uh well I mean like you know uh so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's I mean you know okay I mean okay I mean like fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest so um like I mean like I mean I mean son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern I mean I mean so well you know well uh coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to so so like you know well so so swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a I mean I mean like you know like I mean well Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an okay you know you know well uh like uh uncertain fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking you know you know like okay you know um well for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now um like you know like you know so you know a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get um um uh okay uh I mean you know a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from like um um um like well you know the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank so you know like um so so like you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show you know okay I mean you know you know so like where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts you know okay okay you know I mean okay like in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local I mean okay so okay uh so uh band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which um like you know like okay well so instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My like you know um like you know um you know name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us um I mean I mean like um like like on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig like uh so uh um I mean like it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy I mean um uh uh I mean well um. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a I mean I mean so like okay you know like good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching so well so so okay like I mean the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy. It well like um you know um like uh was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon I mean okay okay okay uh you know you know. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement I mean you know like well like okay um IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales and I mean like uh uh so I mean um Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? Good good, Connor, um I mean well okay you know well so what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me and Jackson on I mean uh uh well like well okay no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally wanted so I mean well uh you know you know you know to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for the uh uh like I mean so like well three of us to finally be able to do this and on such a such um um okay like um well so a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home both Jackson and like like so you know um I mean uh Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this you know so well you know so you know um weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell I mean you know um so I mean okay like us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with well okay so well well um well Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my well uh um okay um um well first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much well I mean uh um um so you know for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen like like um so um so well to you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful I mean like well um so I mean you know and I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year so you know so like so you know so to the day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I okay okay I mean you know uh okay uh was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that like well you know uh well I mean okay moment to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and you know um like like you know so okay really realize what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me uh I mean okay uh okay so so to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity okay like okay you know so okay like. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor well well well uh um okay um its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation uh like okay you know I mean well I mean tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well well well um okay um um or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard uh um okay I mean well um okay on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with I mean like so um I mean you know uh no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one okay uh you know like like so um place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom so like uh okay um I mean I mean. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're well like um I mean I mean like like going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by you know I mean like okay you know I mean well Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we so I mean um well okay um um fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a well well I mean so um so um king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with so um you know uh well so well absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch um uh like you know I mean uh um like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our I mean so I mean you know uh okay like political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade well uh okay well uh uh like every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a well um uh um like well I mean like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? okay I mean so so I mean um well So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to you know well I mean uh you know well uh go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth like okay you know you know uh um like of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting I mean like um uh so I mean uh your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is so you know you know like like I mean so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow well um like so um like I mean you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll like like so you know like okay um distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and I mean I mean so uh like okay well many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need like okay okay uh well uh uh to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app you know so uh uh like you know like or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and so uh okay you know um uh I mean techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans to well um so you know uh well you know watch out for and much more here's your host and one of the I mean um um you know so um like foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's okay so so so I mean uh um free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast um um like well like you know so right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you know um like um like um you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your uh um um you know I mean um like podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in you know uh um I mean uh well uh one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to um um so well um okay uh our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called like like um well well uh uh. Was it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme you know okay okay so I mean like okay song that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can like um so you know I mean so okay check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March uh uh well well like like I mean 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever okay well you know well so you know so considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place um like well okay um um um I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and so you know um um you know well so get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of you know you know I mean like um uh okay the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other well like I mean okay I mean you know well platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my okay uh you know like you know you know like computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it you know well like like so I mean you know. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with like I mean well like like I mean um so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place you know so you know okay uh uh um to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So you know um okay okay like okay so download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started like okay I mean um like I mean so again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to well so well I mean you know uh um Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of um uh okay okay well you know you know an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought okay so so so well you know you know I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going well uh I mean so so so well to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get I mean well like I mean okay you know so yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played so okay so you know um like well Super kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching uh so uh um um um uh thinking reading listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries well okay okay okay uh well so and so I thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and so I mean like uh like well so give you some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening I mean okay okay so like like okay to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow uh uh well you know you know well like him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you um um you know uh okay uh okay can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find well um I mean so like um uh the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major so so well well well well uh podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing to well uh you know um uh okay I mean get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO and well okay so I mean okay so like head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in North Spokane uh um okay I mean you know I mean like that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's so okay you know okay I mean you know um been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go you know well okay I mean um you know well. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why you know well well you know well uh you know we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right okay um well like uh I mean okay into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always so I mean I mean uh okay I mean uh had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to you know so okay like so okay um always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and I mean well I mean you know okay like you know other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other like I mean um you know so uh you know scary stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of uh uh okay like um um uh urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, okay like um okay so so so my name is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to like uh okay uh uh like okay this podcast, you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next uh uh um I mean um uh I mean episode comes out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever like okay you know well you know well okay to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of Tales um um you know I mean uh I mean like from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about you know so so I mean uh um I mean the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are okay like you know um um so okay bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets I mean I mean well well like you know so globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one um so okay like okay uh well always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to well uh like well so um uh you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a okay I mean so uh you know I mean so friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday okay okay so okay okay okay you know. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me well like so so I mean uh I mean download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest I mean well well well so okay uh way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be uh okay well like you know uh so refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how you know uh like okay I mean you know uh to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where like um like like so well so we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping um I mean so so okay so like business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day okay so like so well so you know we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO um like so I mean uh so uh for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you I mean okay you know um well I mean okay need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show up I mean well like like so so well as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it you know okay uh well well okay um getting into creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I mean uh well well uh so I mean I've been working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating uh I mean you know okay okay okay like websites and how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of well so well okay okay well so websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys uh okay I mean like like uh like podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a uh okay you know you know okay I mean um little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I uh you know um uh okay I mean uh will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way okay uh uh like well so like to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow okay like uh okay like you know um you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor um so you know um so okay um will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify I mean I mean okay okay like I mean I mean Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your okay so well I mean so so so podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in okay um well uh um I mean like one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast well I mean well I mean so I mean um is the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of like um like okay you know um so course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's well like um well I mean well well so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let okay so uh well so okay um you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and like you know I mean so um well uh anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if uh you know well um um okay like you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right well uh okay so well okay well. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until like uh well uh you know uh so 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind I mean I mean you know um so um like of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here you know so well so well like uh Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we well so so you know uh okay okay just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's well um okay well okay okay I mean on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank well um you know well okay I mean uh you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to like okay like I mean like you know you know around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi well so so so I mean so uh Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai I mean well like um uh so okay time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking like well uh like I mean well well about gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we okay okay okay well like I mean like talking about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland okay um well okay uh uh um given that it is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that okay um well um uh like you know you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got I mean well okay um well like I mean the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New Zealand and they said okay you know uh okay well I mean like can you comment on an article that we're writing for our website where they okay so uh well okay like so were showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross well so you know okay well like so rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom I mean um you know you know so I mean well apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward um like I mean um so um you know where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank like so so okay I mean um like you for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this uh um so well uh so uh week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of like like uh well okay uh I mean March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast you know so I mean uh you know so you know. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so so uh I mean uh you know um like I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge well like okay so you know okay you know piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought okay well you know okay so uh you know it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story like okay well well uh so so that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and like uh so I mean so uh like stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this like well so you know uh you know so podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions like um you know so you know uh okay of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please okay um you know like you know well okay do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you okay uh like I mean um like uh are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff like you know well like like like well. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me uh you know um so so like um know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with um like like uh you know uh like Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the uh so you know so so uh uh top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us so okay I mean okay so okay well go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to um well I mean like okay okay you know do at least until a few decades in we go through many false okay okay well well you know um you know starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly so I mean uh um uh well well right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations I mean well I mean okay uh like well on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please like uh I mean like so okay you know take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really I mean um well um you know I mean okay help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and well uh uh well I mean um um we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week you know uh I mean you know like like like on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking um well um like uh you know like for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is like uh um I mean you know I mean well the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces I mean I mean um okay um you know you know and Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his you know you know you know okay you know you know you know feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do okay well you know I mean like so okay need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there well well um uh well um uh click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart you know well I mean I mean you know uh like. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you might um um okay I mean you know you know so remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance I mean okay uh so um so uh. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 uh um I mean so well well you know learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I uh um okay so well okay like don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel well like uh okay well uh I mean nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know well uh well you know like okay um why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my um I mean I mean I mean well like I mean frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I said to uh I mean um okay I mean you know so all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make okay I mean so uh well like like sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you um uh I mean I mean okay I mean like show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight like you know uh well um so well say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his like well uh well well uh okay goodness and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a um uh I mean so okay I mean uh son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may um I mean like so okay so okay be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what um uh I mean uh so you know I mean is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my you know like uh I mean so you know I mean father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts I mean uh I mean uh well well you know Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke like okay I mean like okay you know like. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm like okay um uh okay okay you know doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk uh okay uh so um well you know now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What um uh you know I mean okay you know um a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And like uh okay you know you know uh uh so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama so um like um okay so um mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and I mean okay well like so like I mean then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end you know I mean so you know um well um and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown um well uh like like okay I mean class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present um okay well so so you know you know for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie so so like so um so like. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you I mean okay I mean okay okay well I mean have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my well like well you know um you know like co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what you know like so you know you know I mean uh a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk well uh well like like like uh about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done okay uh well I mean okay um well it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We okay like um like well you know okay also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from Brandon okay I mean uh uh like okay I mean bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's so so um I mean well uh okay like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, okay I mean um um like uh I mean welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC um well I mean uh uh well you know media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire you know well okay um you know okay like and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New like you know like um um you know so Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome guys uh um well so I mean I mean so Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair so so I mean well you know I mean uh bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover this well so you know so I mean well um event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and raised you know I mean so well uh well okay in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New Zealand so okay uh you know I mean uh you know and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode okay so um um uh um I mean. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that uh um I mean like so I mean like you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a I mean well well well you know like so loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor I mean well so well you know you know well and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling okay okay uh so I mean okay you know and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate so you know I mean you know like well um through tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute uh like I mean like um you know I mean of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go like you know okay so well uh okay to the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus I mean um okay like well well uh from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan so well you know well uh like uh on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus well I mean um you know um okay well. We also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics you know I mean you know well well so like we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest so well so so um um um for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess um I mean okay um okay like I mean will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so like you know well you know so you know I mean guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we uh uh well okay uh like um have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners you know I mean I mean I mean okay I mean uh as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us so like um uh I mean okay well on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope I mean so so I mean you know you know I mean you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this okay like like okay uh like well week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always uh well uh okay you know well um really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good you know so I mean uh okay um uh at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that so well okay you know so uh uh. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so so uh I mean well like um well I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing okay you know so uh I mean uh uh yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart I mean well like um you know well so and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I uh okay um um um like you know don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says um like like well you know well okay life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about uh you know you know I mean well I mean like doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to youtubecom like well okay well so okay um. Slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last time uh well okay so so okay you know I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like like um uh uh well so like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs so um like you know okay well okay and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be um like okay well I mean like well a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, you know okay well well I mean uh so then there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is uh you know well you know uh uh uh the team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with um so I mean uh well so um the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset okay uh I mean uh I mean I mean um about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports so like I mean uh like uh you know Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh you know um um like so well um fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too uh like like you know well I mean uh good at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to like well so uh uh so like make this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as uh well like like um uh I mean my platform. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is um uh well so you know okay like free totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows so like so well you know well uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer like well so I mean um I mean well anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify well I mean well okay you know well well Apple podcast and many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right I mean like um okay okay uh like away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you well so you know um um um uh need to make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor like well you know well you know you know well app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not you know uh like um like I mean you know regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you I mean like like like uh I mean um follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know you know well okay I mean you know like uh that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the like you know you know okay so well like word of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this uh you know um so so I mean um podcast will be looking at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll you know you know uh you know you know you know um be using and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in like uh so well you know like I mean those challenges. My heart behind this is that as we go through tests and uh well okay um um I mean well trials which we can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that we would go well okay um okay you know well well through it will be different. I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself like well okay like uh um okay to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's the big okay I mean so so I mean you know um man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind has you know so well uh uh uh well been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media. What's um like okay uh so so okay their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of things. But um so okay like well well you know I think for me the most important thing is just to like get focused packable and I mean uh I mean well so okay uh I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But then I realize okay um okay okay okay uh I mean it sounds like they really I need to eat your because life has now came uh I mean okay um so you know like to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last uh well so um like like uh week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend okay you know okay I mean you know well well there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a well I mean like well you know uh you know panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now well okay well uh like well uh and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited you know like so you know uh I mean well Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this you know so I mean uh um I mean uh podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's um so uh like okay like I mean the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick like um um I mean um uh uh update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I well um I mean okay so okay I mean was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot you know so like I mean like so so on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not I mean well I mean well okay I mean I mean operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning Monday morning, you know you know uh like well uh okay and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on well you know so I mean so so so the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you well like so um I mean I mean um know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor um you know uh uh well I mean uh makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use um you know uh like like well well and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast you know I mean you know I mean well you know like right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple uh uh well okay okay okay okay Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even you know so um you know okay um you know if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure um well like like you know I mean um to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot I mean uh like you know uh um uh. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to uh uh you know like you know uh so the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees like uh uh okay okay okay like Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw uh okay I mean so okay uh well him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so okay like okay um so uh so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like so um uh uh well so I mean it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing well okay well well okay like well. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always so okay like okay I mean so I mean like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing like okay uh you know like like uh while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think well okay you know so like um I mean yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat so okay okay I mean so so uh on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic uh well well so um okay so out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just good like you know you know um okay I mean okay goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if um um like you know I mean so so you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of um well well okay you know well like my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick like you can listen so you know uh uh um okay um to me once a day for 10 straight years and not have to pay so okay I mean so uh okay I mean nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening to me okay okay well well I mean you know okay and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn and told so I mean I mean I mean so um uh the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told the coach. I um you know well well okay so so got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have fathers okay okay so well uh you know I mean. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA like um well okay I mean uh like they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their daddy I mean so I mean I mean uh I mean like with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs you know so so you know uh I mean I mean or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to the well I mean um well uh okay so station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective you know so well you know well I mean you know on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me um like um uh well like I mean today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and uh I mean uh so okay you know like I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't um so I mean uh so well uh say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard uh I mean uh you know uh okay uh and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today okay I mean okay okay well um uh and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal like well okay um you know so I mean development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting um I mean uh so like like so to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go I mean okay so okay I mean I mean um to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best like you know so so I mean okay you know job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated well so well you know you know okay well by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a I mean so uh you know well okay well living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right okay um you know so okay well okay. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my um like you know like you know well I mean time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me like I mean uh okay I mean so I mean be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's I mean well well you know okay like uh nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time like um you know you know like well you know and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm so okay uh uh okay I mean so weather. Sometimes I like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I okay you know you know uh well well um like warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming well okay okay you know um you know I mean up for me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can share um I mean uh um like uh um them. I've just decided not to for quite some time. But once I do like uh you know well you know um okay decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not I mean I mean like so okay you know like pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would uh I mean um I mean okay so like say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you well I mean so you know like so so who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with um um well well like so I mean Robert Keegan Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field so like you know like um I mean okay of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be okay I mean uh so so okay I mean after listening to this show. We do a kind of Action to his uh you know so I mean uh um well work an overview of the 5 stage model that he created and you know um okay so you know you know well that has been studied empirically for the last 40 years. And the reason why I um I mean you know um so I mean you know wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of like uh so you know um uh um a huge inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you you know okay well like like like uh. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do so uh okay okay so so so we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, I mean you know so like uh well I mean you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean um I mean um you know um you know well people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of uh okay you know you know okay so okay a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy so uh like uh um okay well profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we like um I mean so I mean well um are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older you know okay I mean like you know like you know brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we well um okay like you know like okay go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd. Now I mean um I mean um uh you know I mean look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you guys you know well well so well uh okay I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see I mean well okay you know well uh like her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh uh okay I mean I mean uh you know so my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key okay uh like like you know uh like up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened well you know like I mean I mean you know well on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up I mean like I mean okay you know you know well with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's you know okay like you know so uh I mean back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another I mean so like I mean well like like few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why like I mean um like okay you know I mean is that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you well you know like well I mean you know uh you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know I mean I mean okay so you know so okay. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves okay so so um I mean so okay and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are uh well I mean okay okay like well accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to like like um you know well uh like another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening uh you know uh you know uh like I mean your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your okay okay I mean so like uh I mean spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the so well okay uh like like okay real you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be I mean you know well I mean I mean I mean okay helping each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power you know you know well you know um well well of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want um so uh well so I mean okay to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon like so well well uh okay okay Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If I mean well so well okay like um you want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you know okay like um I mean so uh you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head okay well well so um like um over to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a so like uh uh um you know so review. It would be kind of you and let's get into it so well well I mean you know okay okay. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking you know well okay okay okay you know I mean at the top 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more well uh so so uh uh well than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia well well um I mean well um like. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic uh so okay um like okay um stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups so you know um um uh like okay in the United States. They are far from the only game in town during the like okay I mean I mean you know okay you know glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good so okay um well I mean I mean uh a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other okay like uh well okay I mean you know person. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm like okay so so well well uh Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the like I mean you know you know uh um well kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality um uh you know uh uh uh well and last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about so um you know okay I mean I mean like friendships and next week. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into okay uh like okay like uh you know all that Kylie, I believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the um uh like you know well I mean I mean natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with um I mean so like so well you know your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in so you know you know okay um okay you know in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and so like you know well uh like so how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me at least I mean I mean uh so um uh well help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 years so uh uh so like well like now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home I mean okay I mean you know you know I mean I mean from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at you know okay you know I mean you know uh okay New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, well you know okay um you know I mean so which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with uh um um so you know um um people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we okay so so I mean so um um were able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten well I mean you know like I mean uh well minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes well okay okay um okay like I mean in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point like I mean well I mean uh like um because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over you know you know like uh um okay so. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with well like okay like like um so my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it you know uh you know um so you know um but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself okay okay um you know um like I mean first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had like um uh so so like so to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host you know okay like um uh well okay. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math I mean I mean so um uh well you know isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading uh you know I mean you know like so well and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy like like um so well you know um Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women so well well like um I mean so read more and read well and also to encourage us to make you know you know um you know uh well I mean time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group um um I mean so okay you know well near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read well so um well like so I mean Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to so so okay I mean you know so uh delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked well okay okay so um okay uh so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members this year and like so uh you know you know okay so some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning I mean I mean you know like I mean okay um when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana I mean I mean you know um okay uh so. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best so um I mean um so so like friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take I mean like I mean um so I mean um on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're okay like um okay so um so not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect uh I mean okay okay you know um so on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and uh like um um um um so chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode I mean you know I mean okay like uh I mean of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the um okay well so you know well well necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is uh okay well um okay um okay because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I I mean so so well uh so I mean was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first like uh I mean okay um um well episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, well I mean well uh um well well my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who so okay well I mean um I mean well love them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges well so like you know um I mean okay the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated so well okay uh I mean I mean I mean environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came I mean you know so uh uh you know um from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy okay like um you know I mean so you know and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I well well well so okay like like was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences you know well well you know I mean you know well. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in okay well I mean okay uh so okay me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book you know okay well I mean I mean uh um series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas um uh like well you know okay well retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course you know you know well like okay like well re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth I mean okay um um um um um. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am you know well okay well I mean you know uh I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people like uh like uh I mean okay like that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming um well okay um okay okay uh obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee um well I mean well I mean you know you know of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one like I mean I mean um you know um so podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking sides uh um like um um you know well from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's going to so so uh I mean okay you know okay be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails. We're I mean like um like well you know I mean just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying to uh um you know well well uh okay answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people I mean like you know okay uh um I mean. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what um like uh so you know I mean well we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that so okay uh you know okay so you know we would do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably I mean you know you know well you know well uh what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned um uh so uh I mean so um in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's okay well okay um I mean well so get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, uh I mean um uh I mean you know well you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand new okay you know like okay I mean okay um episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then there's well I mean okay so so well so another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's okay I mean okay okay um okay I mean one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for the I mean I mean uh you know uh uh okay Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about relationships and well um you know you know like uh you know shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in the episode? You're okay so okay okay uh well okay about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure uh well you know like uh okay I mean out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating if you liked uh you know well okay you know you know I mean this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury like well uh well you know well uh research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular um so uh well um um well basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from the so so you know you know you know um so covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in I mean okay well okay so like okay terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts um so okay so well um um of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it you know like so um so well well now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment so so uh I mean you know okay I mean has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in like uh well so so um so and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there like so like you know um um I mean. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to you know so well uh um uh I mean my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball good uh um okay you know um like like dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a you know well well um uh you know uh lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 um you know like I mean okay okay so so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you like so so well you know well um for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number one um like like okay well you know okay episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest like you know well well like so you know. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host well um I mean so well so um and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's um you know uh uh I mean like you know be real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's so I mean okay um uh you know uh talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See uh you know like um you know uh well what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going well so okay uh so so okay to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some I mean I mean so well like so um notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and I mean okay okay well like you know uh ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they okay I mean you know well so um you know kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on the you know so you know uh uh well like outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman with no so so okay okay you know uh uh self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make because like uh uh uh I mean um like of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome okay I mean like so uh okay I mean everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast like like okay well um you know you know where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating you know you know okay well like uh um our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So I mean you know you know okay so you know um today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only okay I mean so uh so you know um and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions well um um like you know I mean I mean expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect so like like uh so well uh the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations so like um okay I mean um I mean participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass um so okay okay uh uh like their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and I mean I mean I mean like well I mean so other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such so uh like so I mean um you know they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam well uh so um uh well well Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique um you know um you know like you know I mean hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha well so I mean um okay uh uh is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the um uh like well so okay so pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of so like like you know I mean okay uh Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to I mean like well well I mean I mean okay capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare like um you know uh I mean okay uh Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is well I mean you know um uh uh I mean a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people well uh um uh so so like and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive career um uh you know so like well okay transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your career path today? uh you know okay so you know uh okay And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your you know okay so okay like uh okay journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast you know well well you know well well you know is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space so so uh like well like uh to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me in you know okay so um um I mean well rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and freedom like okay so uh I mean like you know with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of so like I mean so I mean uh so love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have for okay I mean okay you know okay okay okay friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the things so so um um well okay I mean that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs uh so okay you know um uh um parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be well like I mean well okay like I mean talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to I mean okay um so uh um okay your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the so so well you know you know well well word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as in okay I mean uh so so um okay value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was tantamount like um you know well like like um to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM well uh so you know you know um uh translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with like um like so like well okay the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme well um uh um so like so or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both okay I mean I mean so so uh well tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum um well like you know you know uh uh or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official I mean okay like uh um you know um episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some I mean you know well I mean uh uh well chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero um um I mean okay okay so well. It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got okay I mean okay um I mean okay um a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention um uh um like so okay so yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's okay so I mean so I mean well uh a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA like so um I mean okay well uh AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of so okay you know you know uh I mean I mean the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going like you know um okay okay I mean so to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's well so um um so you know um This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up okay like um I mean you know like so on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I um well um so you know like so made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a podcast I mean uh okay um you know well like it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you like well okay like um uh you know know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it should be um so you know you know you know like like more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and I dropped I mean okay so uh so so uh it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can um well like you know okay you know um imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he owns okay um I mean well so so well a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that like like okay you know well um okay up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just like bro uh uh um okay okay I mean uh. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it like um uh well you know so uh. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with it which well okay so okay well like you know was but he reached out to me and show me a DM and I do so so like okay okay well okay what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message um I mean uh so you know like okay and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth you know you know so so so I mean like with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're um like um uh you know so okay going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll so you know well I mean well so okay be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own uh so uh so okay well so podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop well like okay so you know so I mean for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast you know um so like I mean um like right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most uh um I mean like well so um major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So you know so uh I mean like well um if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go uh well uh well uh well so to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a couple okay you know I mean okay uh you know so days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know well like um okay I mean um okay update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that I mean well okay well like well like that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, I mean like okay um well I mean okay you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when uh you know you know uh like like so I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason like uh um well like so so obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms well uh so I mean like so I mean beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and I mean um I mean well I mean like I mean prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life you know okay like well okay okay you know and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off okay okay so okay okay well I mean your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the like so um well okay well like link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more like well well so um well uh novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online uh you know like like um well well Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything um like like I mean I mean so uh is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to um so I mean I mean so I mean uh listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes uh you know uh uh I mean I mean like to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make uh I mean well okay well like you know podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is okay you know um so uh okay okay a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh uh so I mean like well uh your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can so you know um I mean uh I mean well be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily okay like I mean you know okay I mean uh make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need um like so I mean okay so well in one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any like uh well you know so um like small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists you know I mean uh okay um so like be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you know you know okay well you know um um you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the like uh you know well like like well vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and uh uh um okay I mean uh like there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound quality um so you know like um uh I mean sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that you know like um you know I mean so uh is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed um uh okay okay you know uh so my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm so uh well okay okay like you know in the middle of a hotel because I also started a new um so like you know okay like um job last week. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason like like like okay I mean okay you know I actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is because uh okay um um so um you know it's something that I want to talk to you about just from my own um so well like I mean well um personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council uh I mean uh okay like um uh for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit I mean I mean well like okay I mean okay British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance so like I mean like well uh I mean podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program like um so like I mean like like and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council okay you know okay I mean well I mean so colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are I mean so you know like so you know so all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant I mean like so uh uh you know so or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all well uh I mean um I mean um like introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are in? Stop with you okay like I mean like so okay um Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you um like so so well like I mean on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now I mean you know well I mean I mean okay um hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to well well uh okay I mean okay so make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that um well I mean well so like okay allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer you know okay um you know okay okay like anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify I mean you know so you know so like well Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor okay like okay I mean you know I mean like Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one okay well so well I mean so like place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to you know so okay uh so so well Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for the like I mean well like I mean you know like on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for well um uh so you know you know you know March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked up um I mean um so you know I mean like this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night I mean okay like so I mean I mean you know and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough well um you know uh um you know so time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out of well okay well you know well so I mean time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my I mean so I mean well like I mean like cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I'm okay okay like you know um so so answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about you know okay uh you know uh well okay 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital so so so like like like well maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if uh I mean I mean like well okay uh you buy an existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years it you know you know okay okay well so well requires a new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's well well I mean you know um like uh cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens um well well like you know uh so it's not something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's so so okay uh uh you know I mean something that needs to happen if every couple of months, so I not so I mean uh like okay um like months every couple of decades and this is actually a concept that has been like you know like like I mean so you know brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it like uh um um well well um is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not I mean um um I mean well okay uh on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been um like okay uh okay well okay working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear well I mean like uh um uh so and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming okay okay okay like um I mean well down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of uh like I mean you know uh like you know our good friends. It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking well uh um well well you know you know Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on so I mean uh uh so like okay a Wednesday. And so today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on uh like so well uh uh so everything so that I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet uh I mean uh okay you know like well bear and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to well I mean uh I mean well so well finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years so well uh well well like well. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit like like so okay so you know um to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The well uh well well okay I mean well knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the well okay so well uh like uh information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your like okay okay okay you know okay I mean eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth well well okay well um so okay. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates so you know well like uh well well. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you well so uh you know um you know okay don't some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame um well well well I mean I mean um some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and uh I mean I mean uh I mean um uh Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number okay well well okay um okay uh 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then you know uh uh uh so um um we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So so you know okay I mean uh uh well I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments um well uh like you know uh like before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the okay well uh you know okay like I mean sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually uh well so you know I mean so okay kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So so so you know you know um like okay I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right you know well you know okay okay okay uh after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold like okay okay I mean well you know okay days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable I mean like uh you know so well like and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course like okay um you know like um you know you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own well you know well like uh uh uh horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world well well okay like okay so uh. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the well you know I mean well like so well easiest way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the okay well so uh you know so well creative tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know you know so I mean uh uh you know computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way like you know okay like well so I mean it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's like uh I mean well so I mean so everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are um um you know so well uh so you waiting for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get I mean uh okay you know you know well so started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua like well okay you know well um I mean Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle well so I mean okay I mean uh uh up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome I mean you know uh so like so okay to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today you know like um I mean okay you know like. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other like well you know you know uh like um Dem candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it well so you know you know okay so I mean was Right that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the okay like okay okay um well well third segment, we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and I mean I mean you know I mean well like so how Libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever like um okay uh like um well anything that you want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please you know uh like so well okay well message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? so you know okay you know okay um okay All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been you know okay uh um okay so um a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this you know so so so okay okay okay episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because like well okay well um I mean I mean I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before okay you know um uh so well well then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am you know you know you know like uh so okay when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will like well okay okay okay like I mean you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees well like okay okay like like so trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials like like so I mean okay um um biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about it? I mean well like so you know um I mean You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand so uh you know you know so I mean uh. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear the so I mean um like uh so so word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving this so okay I mean um like I mean so podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of Forestry well okay okay um like okay okay agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one like you know well well uh like okay place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came like uh uh so I mean well you know from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what uh like I mean so well okay like seemed to be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of so um um um you know so like them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak okay I mean you know okay um uh um in other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem um so um um I mean uh you know God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by um so I mean you know okay like you know surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like you know well you know you know like okay uh I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly like uh uh well you know well I mean me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm well I mean uh okay like okay um in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, well uh like uh so you know so no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've well um like you know I mean uh um guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I um okay like I mean I mean okay you know didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They are okay uh so okay like so uh serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what I mean like well you know I mean like so you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based so um so um I mean I mean um on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House well so so like well uh I mean and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in like um uh you know I mean like well your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember well uh um so you know okay uh your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be well you know like okay okay like well reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here okay so um uh you know like so. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the okay you know well you know like like okay god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to so well um um so you know well himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on um well I mean okay um well you know their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough to become financially okay well um well so like I mean independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how you can get on I mean I mean I mean I mean so okay um the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the age of um uh okay so you know you know well 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have been married for nine like uh like you know so like you know years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student loan debt you know like like okay like so like and have taken our household income from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand you know so okay okay okay you know like dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we well um so you know I mean well well have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on your okay like so um okay I mean okay financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come uh so I mean uh uh you know like from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency you know I mean uh I mean so um uh accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media like uh like I mean like I mean um publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of you know so well I mean okay you know uh a black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope uh I mean so you know uh okay okay these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized you know I mean uh okay so uh okay and more service-based more and more of us are expected to be I mean I mean I mean I mean well you know so creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to you know uh well uh so well well people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest okay um like like so well okay of us can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the idea like um like so so you know uh for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy well I mean like uh I mean well well. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm uh okay I mean uh so you know okay so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow so like I mean so well I mean I mean from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the so well you know I mean well uh uh white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So like I mean well so okay so okay well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should we like you know you know uh um I mean you know reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices um I mean um well uh like okay in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to um like I mean well like um okay the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes so you know okay well so well so. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is um um you know well you know I mean okay to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you know I mean I mean like like uh um you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me you know I mean well so so you know like explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your you know so I mean okay uh uh like podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you know so you know so uh okay you know it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually um so uh well um okay I mean make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need like like uh I mean um so um to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the I mean um I mean you know like well um free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take a I mean okay uh like like so like moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a good time uh well okay I mean um okay well doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there to debunk some so okay so um um okay I mean myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were in The Game I mean okay so you know so uh uh of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to handle things. And simply okay so you know well um okay you know to make it an easier process for you. Today is going to be well well well you know so okay okay a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth out there for you well you know um okay like well I mean to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if you are uh like uh like um well I mean in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the like I mean um I mean like uh so easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free okay okay um um I mean so like. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow you you know uh well like okay okay like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor well uh like so like like I mean will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple uh uh um well okay okay so podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard uh I mean okay um well you know so of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so uh so well um you know you know. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked like you know uh uh well I mean uh a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you uh uh like uh like you know uh start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay okay okay like so I mean I mean dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True Crime okay you know I mean um so um I mean cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining um you know you know you know you know so so us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome I mean so like uh so okay I mean back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a you know I mean um I mean uh um okay quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things you know um okay okay okay I mean like well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me well okay you know I mean um I mean like that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's well so um um you know um you know six of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed so you know um uh uh you know well to sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump uh you know you know I mean I mean uh um on it and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it well uh like okay I mean okay I mean. It's for sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know okay okay so uh I mean well okay they're not supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh like okay well uh I mean so so on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo I mean uh like so I mean you know so it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I like okay like I mean um like so was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate so uh I mean uh you know you know like everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand okay well like well so um um we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to I mean I mean I mean okay you know like like teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we um okay like um um uh you know have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, like um well um okay like uh first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with a uh so okay um you know I mean uh pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new uh so well okay um uh uh strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host so okay um I mean like I mean well development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated I mean so I mean um so you know uh to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first I mean okay so uh I mean so you know ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling well you know I mean okay I mean you know uh Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique like like so uh uh I mean okay investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel I mean okay I mean well um like so who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as I mean like uh you know like I mean like attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder okay like you know okay okay uh I mean of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Abby so um you know okay like okay well and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy okay you know you know I mean um well well Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy well so like like like so well James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's well you know I mean so uh you know so aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is you know so um well I mean well like 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture okay um um you know so well you know and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that so like I mean um well um so we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that well I mean uh I mean so okay uh you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down uh like so well um like so to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a I mean okay you know um you know um I mean dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens uh well you know okay I mean okay um if I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad well like well I mean uh I mean you know know that? His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data well um I mean uh uh okay you know I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that well I mean so so well uh I mean almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys like so I mean like I mean okay okay a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite like uh you know well well so like artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify um you know I mean you know I mean you know uh has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're you know like uh um okay I mean um listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss you know okay you know you know well I mean so an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram I mean well uh you know like so I mean. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no like well uh uh so you know um matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the like you know uh like um well uh Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library so like I mean um okay like you know Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of like well like so so okay um which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily well I mean okay you know okay I mean um episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a like like okay I mean like okay like lot of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the well okay so well well you know I mean Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for uh so um you know okay so you know me would be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the um well you know um so you know I mean podcast I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each week okay well I mean uh like okay like. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing like you know I mean well you know I mean well the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety I mean okay like you know like well like and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot um you know well like okay okay uh seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of okay like uh well well like so the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you well so so okay uh you know um as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the I mean you know well uh well so like withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand I mean uh like uh okay like uh from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely so okay okay uh uh you know like impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm okay like like um I mean you know like a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope um well I mean you know I mean like like and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with I mean well okay like I mean I mean um you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships uh well I mean so you know you know um and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand I mean you know you know well I mean uh so what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us okay so uh um well so you know off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move um so so okay um well uh on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should so okay um I mean so you know okay talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I like um well so like I mean well know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, so so well uh um you know you know yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin okay you know um you know uh like like for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very uh uh uh I mean so so okay successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing um uh uh well uh so you know delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was I mean uh uh you know so you know I mean very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was okay like like well like um well really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor I mean okay okay uh you know okay I mean emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in um okay like so uh okay um Charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of um um like I mean well uh um clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for well I mean um I mean so you know so all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is um so uh like well I mean um an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed you know so okay okay well okay uh several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I um you know okay you know um um so have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I mean okay okay like like um like I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March well you know like okay okay okay you know. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because uh well I mean uh well so okay I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask um well I mean I mean okay you know you know me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the you know you know uh well I mean I mean uh kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad so I mean uh you know well like like was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and uh you know okay well uh so so it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought well I mean well well so you know uh wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or okay okay um you know um um like today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know okay so like like uh well uh. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought uh I mean uh well so I mean okay you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I I mean well like I mean um well okay know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll uh okay okay so you know like I mean guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, okay like so uh okay okay okay yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea I mean well well I mean okay I mean so podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about I mean I mean I mean like uh I mean well whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea so I mean so okay so well like. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't um well okay well I mean so you know like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl you know okay well like well um uh Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty like I mean like I mean you know uh I mean good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly uh okay you know okay so um you know like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just um uh like you know um like I mean called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I you know I mean um uh so like like don't know I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it I mean I mean well um I mean um you know just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I you know well okay um you know okay so wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed well so um so okay uh okay with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all so uh um um I mean okay well the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 well so uh uh I mean you know well we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of like like like uh you know uh um is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter uh well you know okay okay uh okay where they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all like um so uh okay um so their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways okay um so I mean well well okay that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite um I mean okay uh okay well okay battle Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host like um like um you know okay uh I'm breath stock was there and I am also here we are three and uh well well um I mean um so one after a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That like like you know you know I mean so okay opened up looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I you know so I mean so I mean uh like would agree. We all know about that line and how it moved over the uh okay uh I mean so you know okay past past few days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked like you know um well I mean um I mean myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and um uh uh I mean I mean I mean you know I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's not you know I mean okay um um well well what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express um you know well so um well I mean to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm sitting you know you know you know well like uh like down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is something that I mean uh like you know um so uh we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy okay okay like uh okay well you know spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it was uh uh you know uh like uh okay truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session. It was uh so so uh okay um um computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we couldn't you know like I mean I mean so well okay agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put um uh you know you know uh like like it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little okay you know you know you know I mean um so better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording you know like like uh well well so actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that I mean I mean uh okay okay okay uh you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families um uh well okay um so so to feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a uh you know you know you know well uh so world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of uh um so uh okay uh I mean getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack you know I mean okay uh you know you know uh the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to like so you know um um I mean like be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got I mean so um I mean okay you know I mean hired twice by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come okay I mean like like you know well well join this podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of well I mean I mean like like uh like McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and you know uh so um uh okay well my learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually well well um you know so well uh a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act like um well um so like so together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy like so I mean uh okay uh okay our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just I mean I mean so um I mean okay I mean got a lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, like like like uh okay so so especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any I mean um okay like uh like um homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your I mean uh you know I mean like um so rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back so I mean I mean okay um okay well to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because you know you know uh well okay so okay it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys so I mean uh um um uh okay can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't like uh well okay I mean like I mean think they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite uh well um so well um you know article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video you know um like um well okay uh about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as um like uh like you know I mean um well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian like um you know you know I mean well okay. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all um I mean okay you know well uh okay. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like I mean well um so well you know well German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for so so you know okay well you know okay myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor okay um well okay so okay uh. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual so um like well well you know you know poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people so I mean well okay like I mean uh I anchor so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you know well I mean uh you know okay well you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast okay like I mean so um okay you know straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms uh I mean um I mean um so um that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but you know uh I mean uh okay you know okay podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even make money like well well I mean I mean well well off of this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free you know um um uh like well well and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right I mean well I mean you know like like uh sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to I mean uh um um well okay um get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to you know I mean um uh you know you know you know the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice so uh well well I mean like I mean. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have you know like I mean I mean you know um uh a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk you know so uh well like you know I mean about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and um you know like uh uh so like I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the so I mean like well like so you know end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and you know well uh uh well like I mean then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and okay um you know um I mean um okay maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We uh uh you know well I mean uh okay are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL um so I mean well well um I mean draft class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every like um okay so well um well week but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at okay um I mean so I mean you know you know each position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what well so well so um like like their potential options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then I mean like okay I mean like I mean I mean also what's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 um um so you know you know um I mean draft class has to offer we will be going Each position group one by you know like okay okay I mean uh um one in the Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part you know so you know well you know so you know of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about um okay um well um I mean uh anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us uh like like like um okay you know a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised I mean well uh like so okay I mean this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may so like you know uh okay you know so find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th well okay like I mean um I mean uh in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is well so like okay okay uh well at 3 a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were I mean you know well um so so well transfixed by a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees I mean you know I mean like like like um us watching we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please well well uh okay you know uh uh have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so you know well okay okay okay well uh sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness so I mean like uh so you know uh listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have like so I mean so okay um well been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned uh um um you know okay um uh him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel like so um well okay like okay pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would well well okay you know so uh like leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing I mean like well I mean uh like okay stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened uh I mean well like you know um so the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I know so you know I mean I mean well so uh did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come out of like you know um so like you know like the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in it and your um I mean like like I mean okay uh stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting like you know well uh you know so like. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What I mean uh I mean you know um okay uh breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is uh uh so I mean like okay uh a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed well so like like um like okay. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it so uh like like uh uh like. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting like um well you know well you know okay. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm like you know you know I mean uh you know uh a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow um I mean you know so like uh so milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you I mean like so um well um like going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and like you know um you know I mean um okay you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to like well so you know so I mean so Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own podcast. You well uh okay okay uh well um can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your like okay so well you know like well own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll I mean uh okay so I mean well um be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor you know well you know okay uh well I mean app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way so okay I mean um uh well well. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's uh you know you know um I mean okay okay loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 um okay like you know um uh well and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear so okay well I mean um so so. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis I mean well okay um well well um could be the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors um um um I mean uh um I mean High honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy you know uh you know like um um well for him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope okay you know uh um I mean so you know you guys enjoy it. You know, this is the fun time of the year in so okay um I mean I mean like um our sport. This is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for I mean well um uh like like um the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We okay so you know well so I mean you know use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is okay I mean so uh like well well based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing you know um you know well well like like House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you like so um well I mean um uh grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember so like uh um so I mean I mean your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from you know I mean um um you know um um Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I I mean okay um you know I mean you know okay am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for my like um like um okay uh uh life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the you know so so I mean so so like stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks um so you know I mean you know um so as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never I mean well uh uh like okay so listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the so so I mean okay like so um team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are I mean well like okay so uh um weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has you know like well like uh you know uh brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that so you know I mean uh you know um you know have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux well uh I mean well I mean well I mean Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to okay okay you know I mean like you know uh bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? I mean okay um well um um I mean Brett I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you like um like okay well okay like taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have uh uh like so um you know so you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and uh okay so uh you know you know okay I my wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs like I mean okay okay you know I mean like at my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a I mean okay okay you know so uh okay little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm you know you know uh so okay well I mean going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come so I mean okay like um okay you know on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the I mean like um well um like like sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can well um I mean well like okay okay feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a like okay so so okay uh like seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm so I mean I mean you know well like so one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's well so I mean like well so um up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is so so um um okay like well Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I you know I mean uh uh you know you know you know get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew as okay um you know I mean well so so soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit, okay so um well okay okay okay but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we uh well um you know I mean okay you know go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first episode I mean um you know um you know so you know of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random you know well you know well okay so um stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this uh like okay uh you know well so. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good I mean um um um like well well old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk so okay you know well uh um well about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs okay like I mean like so well you know. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of so well like uh um so I mean this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing so okay so okay uh okay uh today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now you know I mean like um uh so you know. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little I mean uh well I mean uh like okay bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing okay I mean like um well so uh LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in you know well so uh you know like I mean 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back I mean so well uh uh um I mean in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm like well I mean um okay like um Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we well you know like well okay so okay want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful you know I mean so so um uh so Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if you want like so I mean like so uh like to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no like so I mean well okay you know um love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you know uh so you know like well I mean you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order you know I mean so so um you know like. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are screen printing so so you know I mean like well okay company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, well you know so uh well so I mean whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can check them okay well I mean so okay okay you know out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate you know like okay well okay uh so in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately I mean so um like you know okay um can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of I mean you know okay I mean okay well you know truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to like I mean like I mean okay um uh protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds you know I mean uh like so you know I mean of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators uh well I mean uh um like like as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on I mean okay well I mean okay you know like the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to you know well um you know like I mean okay talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I you know uh okay you know um I mean I mean will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way you know um like so I mean okay like to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools well uh like okay okay so I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like you know uh well okay so I mean or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard you know okay uh um so okay like on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make um you know okay well uh uh uh money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make so like I mean uh you know uh like a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record you know you know well I mean so like like record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So like you ready, but so well okay you know um I mean well you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of okay okay um I mean like uh so time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is like okay um I mean like like like my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you know so I mean I mean so uh uh you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay well um so well I mean so like. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster like uh okay okay like uh um sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love I mean I mean uh um uh you know so him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's I mean okay so um like like well a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little so you know you know okay you know okay um arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior you know I mean I mean like um well okay Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And well I mean I mean um uh um um this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British like so okay like well like okay Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than okay so I mean well uh um like 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We want well well like like you know um um organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and process everyday you know well well okay okay like uh their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help. It's about okay like uh well well uh well getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits like um you know you know so okay I mean home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast. I'm so you know um so um um I mean your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there my you know like uh you know like well okay hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going well you know like um like uh uh over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today so you know okay okay um like I mean it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and um okay so like okay I mean so we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest well um you know you know you know uh okay today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to well I mean you know like so like so find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look you know like well uh you know like um at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead you know well I mean uh so um like leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review you know okay okay uh you know I mean so and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say um so okay um uh uh so it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel I mean um so like well I mean so Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her okay well uh I mean okay like uh reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but you know like so so well okay uh both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit well you know okay so you know um like passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and like okay I mean well um I mean I mean eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying well you know so uh okay okay so how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and well like you know uh you know uh well the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The like you know um well uh okay well Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The um so um uh um okay well show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You well you know so uh you know I mean um can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there um like so um uh you know I mean will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then well okay uh uh okay I mean well confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to so I mean okay you know like you know okay encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM so you know okay I mean you know well well to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not like well you know so I mean um uh know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like like you know like um um well like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the so so um you know you know um um anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will uh I mean okay well uh well okay do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the okay well I mean uh okay um um major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do okay uh you know okay you know well um anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of so you know I mean okay well I mean I mean it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you you know okay well uh like okay I mean feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post like like um um I mean like I mean something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast well I mean like I mean I mean you know I mean. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's um I mean like like like uh uh heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from you know well I mean like I mean I mean you know history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered uh okay okay so like uh so for their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic I mean so like you know I mean uh you know woman lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling um like so you know you know um you know. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying okay I mean you know so I mean I mean you know a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with you know um I mean I mean so well so her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra I mean um I mean uh okay so I mean the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a like you know so I mean so so well questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty okay you know I mean like um you know okay Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every um okay so okay well um I mean Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's like so you know I mean um uh okay most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to like um okay uh okay so so podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised um well so I mean like okay you know this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find well like you know I mean like um um offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas um um so I mean um um I mean real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty good like so like well like I mean you know. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New Zealand podcast so uh like uh um uh I mean. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've been I mean uh um like you know well um working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, uh okay like uh you know uh okay my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the okay so so you know like uh um bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a uh well like so uh like so does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore okay I mean okay so um so uh how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body like uh okay um well well um to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's well so uh um okay I mean I mean kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on uh like so like well well uh a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as uh I mean well well um um like to what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday like okay you know uh like um well. Does that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you know um like so so so so you think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, so like so so so um um that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with uh okay uh I mean like I mean um you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through I mean well um uh um like uh the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first so well okay like I mean I mean you know off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the franchise okay uh uh uh I mean uh um and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those I mean I mean like I mean I mean okay um fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of Allah you know okay uh okay um like uh and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm well okay um um so like well or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge you know you know I mean you know well like so fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long uh like you know like um um okay as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic I mean well so I mean I mean well I mean including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your uh uh so I mean so okay so favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So uh I mean so so um uh you know you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean well well you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so I mean okay well okay well so okay already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify so so so um okay okay okay or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So uh okay you know um uh I mean uh you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with you know I mean I mean uh uh I mean okay a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood you know so so so um I mean like in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been you know well um okay well like you know good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it was well well I mean I mean so you know I mean going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss you know like uh you know well I mean uh or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very so um you know I mean like so okay good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight I mean uh well okay like you know so was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get well um um okay okay so well better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were friends I mean well um I mean so uh uh and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do um uh you know well um uh uh it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, like I mean so uh like like you know thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had you know I mean so I mean um you know so when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much easier well so so okay like like well. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far the easiest way like you know okay um like well you know to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one place so you don't you know um you know I mean like like okay have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally well okay so I mean uh okay okay make a podcast and edit it on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free I mean uh okay okay okay I mean I mean. So it gives you all the creation tools. You need to edit it to I mean okay you know um um I mean like make it sound good which you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest like okay so like well like well way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record I mean uh well um like uh you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast like uh well um you know okay um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more uh um you know um um uh well you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you I mean um I mean so well I mean okay need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or you know um well like well okay well go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back uh okay um so um okay okay podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know I mean um like I mean well um uh that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great um so um uh I mean so uh. How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing uh uh uh okay so like you know story and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, you know okay um so um um um thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue um okay okay well like well you know and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow like like uh um um okay I mean along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we so uh well um so so well have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to um um you know like you know well well where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those well so okay uh um well well sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations okay uh uh you know okay like okay with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of uh okay I mean like you know so I mean Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't uh well uh um um like so expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more okay well I mean um um like so money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys um like uh you know so well I mean and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun you know okay like I mean okay um okay episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our well okay like uh so well so app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really uh okay so well well uh you know excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, okay like you know um so well like please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One well okay I mean so so um I mean of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used okay well like like I mean you know so a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm you know um uh I mean so like well Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in I mean like you know well uh like uh the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that okay uh I mean uh I mean well like regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of okay okay like I mean like well okay the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to so well uh uh like so okay be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant um like well you know um um okay from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if like you know like um like so well you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished um okay I mean well uh well like something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and uh so like um like well you know foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible so okay um like I mean you know like if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff you know well like well uh so okay in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out well well okay okay okay well uh to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content you know um well okay I mean well uh come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I like I mean you know well um um uh wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key I mean you know so okay okay um uh caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine like so um so I mean like okay. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast well so well so uh um okay. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply um like like I mean I mean like you know has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater well like I mean okay like I mean so business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a well you know uh so um um you know panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work well like uh um you know you know okay conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to like um like um uh uh so develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six you know uh I mean I mean okay so um years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial I mean uh uh like so okay I mean RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous guest I mean you know um um like you know like on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously um like I mean um okay so okay held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking so um okay okay you know okay uh control. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do I mean um well okay so I mean uh we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways well okay well you know so uh I mean that can kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of okay I mean okay I mean uh well so those important points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being so I mean well okay like so so the science of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the um I mean okay I mean um I mean um normal functions of a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what I mean so um I mean um you know um we're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how well okay well so I mean I mean okay it is an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me uh I mean so uh um I mean like. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are others of course, um so okay I mean well uh like but those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have so like I mean um um um okay our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus so uh okay so uh like like. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me so I mean you know well you know so uh amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest um you know okay um well so okay price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have you know um you know well well well uh a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff okay um okay like like like like going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they um uh um well uh I mean um can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very so so okay uh like uh you know custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers like like so so you know like um needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming your you know well uh uh I mean like okay way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and I um okay well okay I mean I mean uh really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you know, so I mean I mean I mean okay okay uh my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're I mean like um you know okay um you know good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I like I mean well so I mean well like love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them okay like so okay well okay um and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way in okay so you know so um okay okay our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks for that. So um um you know well I mean um uh today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about uh well I mean so so you know like starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about uh okay so um like so like anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free like you know so like well like well their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from so I mean okay well well so um your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on uh um well I mean you know you know um Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast okay uh I mean uh well um uh. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place like uh okay well okay well um. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started I mean okay like well well you know um. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join me every so well uh you know like I mean you know Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make you know okay like I mean well you know so it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday uh like so well okay um okay morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process well well okay so uh like well. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors you know I mean okay like so you know okay the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor okay I mean well I mean like I mean like is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your so okay so uh okay like okay own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically so um okay I mean um you know you know once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to you know so well so okay so like Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it I mean uh um well I mean well I mean to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I uh um well um I mean you know okay have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I mean you know uh uh well so you know I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on so uh okay so um so uh board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey so you know well you know so uh okay that we are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like um like um okay like I mean well organizing and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list I mean you know so uh um you know I mean of how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like okay you know um um like I mean um that is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall I mean uh well like uh um so see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you know um um you know um like uh you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in um you know um I mean uh like I mean London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March well like okay you know you know well uh 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo for um you know like you know like I mean um you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San Jose uh um uh like well um like. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The Beat uh okay like you know okay well uh Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort of reflect on uh well I mean you know okay well um the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key games so you know well uh uh you know um against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few you know um like you know I mean um um points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver well uh okay so uh you know I mean who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against you know okay I mean well I mean you know like the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out I mean you know you know I mean like you know like of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got like um so like uh so uh outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic you know um you know so um you know okay of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in I mean you know you know uh like okay um Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the you know you know like okay so like um things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it okay you know I mean well I mean um okay that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to I mean um so uh like okay you know attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is so you know I mean you know uh well so number one. There are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want I mean well um so like um I mean to be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into well I mean you know so so so well some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and you know you know so okay well um so there's just obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to like well so you know okay you know well both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our so um I mean uh um so well name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for um okay I mean so okay like okay the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty I mean well uh okay well I mean um self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of uh so like so okay okay well cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money okay okay so like you know okay uh off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my so um um so okay well so love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we uh um so like okay I mean you know see what we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess I mean like um well I mean so I mean anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have um I mean like I mean like like you know this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice like uh uh I mean so okay like of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes so I mean well um okay so well or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just I mean well you know you know like I mean well woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and okay you know well I mean you know okay well that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't so um like uh uh I mean so use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most okay you know you know you know so like well of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we so like well you know um so like go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This so uh like uh um I mean like is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host so so um well uh well like the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today um you know um like so uh uh. We're going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is um well so okay um like so really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd well well like you know I mean okay uh chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold so um uh I mean so okay uh to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really uh okay okay like so okay well based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation uh um you know okay like I mean you know where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create okay well well so like uh um a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this I mean I mean um you know uh you know well effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been okay well you know so um you know well around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast well well um uh um well you know and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember okay well you know well well you know um to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to so like you know okay I mean like well read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities like you know okay I mean you know well so or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions I mean okay okay you know okay well okay for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of well I mean um okay okay I mean you know listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to well well uh I mean like um so have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be you know like okay like I mean like okay different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe okay uh well so you know so I mean for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until like um I mean like I mean uh you know you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to you know like okay uh um so okay the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today uh um okay well you know I mean uh we'll be talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know okay you know okay you know well like so me. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for you know okay so uh like you know like the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we so you know you know like okay uh okay have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing I mean uh um I mean I mean well uh show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the um like uh okay you know like um inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week I mean um you know like so so uh where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're well um um you know like so so talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but well um well I mean well okay like we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes I mean uh um well okay okay um sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands uh you know you know okay um um you know. Danny was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics um uh uh I mean okay you know uh the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on like okay uh you know uh okay like the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage okay well I mean okay so uh like Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo I mean I mean um uh so you know like 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made you know you know uh okay okay um you know camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios um I mean I mean I mean you know well I mean one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 well I mean well so well I mean like made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you like I mean I mean uh well well uh by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your uh you know like like so so so podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use you know like so okay you know like well now anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your so I mean okay like uh so uh podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm like so um like uh uh uh doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we like I mean um uh so well well love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's you know you know so okay so um you know very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want you know like well um uh so uh to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as I mean like okay so okay uh uh well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make okay like well you know I mean um I mean money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start I mean um so um um like okay Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we um you know like you know uh well um host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to okay um um well you know well you know host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started I mean uh so I mean like well like this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast well I mean well you know like uh okay right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do like like um okay well um uh it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, well um like well uh like you know you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it you know um okay well uh like you know right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or you know uh so um well uh I mean founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little okay well you know so um like um cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make like okay um you know so like okay a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to I mean uh uh I mean okay you know um your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to okay you know I mean you know well well um get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This um I mean okay um I mean I mean so is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the like uh well um well okay like London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or so okay you know like um uh um smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your so you know so I mean uh so well actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho like so like uh so I mean um no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different um I mean so I mean uh like you know names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho you know uh so you know like you know okay ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll so uh I mean so well um uh remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network you know like um well you know I mean well. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual you know you know uh so okay um well teaching and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to like um you know well I mean well okay experiencing the divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and well I mean okay you know um like well Magilla that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says uh like um so okay okay uh that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were well okay uh um well okay you know kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second well I mean uh uh so uh uh to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to well you know uh okay well um like make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow well uh uh okay well uh um you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I mean um so okay okay you know I mean. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify so well so well you know um you know. Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with uh I mean well like like you know okay no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place like well you know so uh um like download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take okay um well I mean um okay well care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's uh okay so um uh uh so some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do I mean I mean okay well I mean so like some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor well you know well okay so like I mean all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top um uh you know so well um okay featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks I mean okay you know so uh I mean so Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our like uh well well so I mean I mean movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that um so um so okay so like one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about so so like uh I mean like I mean spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide D so like well you know so well so Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records um so so okay I mean well um all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I okay well I mean I mean uh I mean I mean appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful well okay I mean like okay uh so being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being here you know okay um I mean so so well with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started like I mean uh okay okay okay uh. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential well so well um I mean you know um wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's you know um uh like you know you know well me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to well I mean so uh like you know well yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we like um uh um like uh uh are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break okay you know uh okay so um like up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan a wedding uh so you know so so uh um when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning a well like like you know I mean so uh wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning a wedding when you're I mean well like so well okay okay pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are um uh so I mean so I mean um recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we like okay I mean you know you know um so will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's uh well okay I mean like like you know the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not so well well you know I mean um okay in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome um I mean well um I mean uh um. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your like uh so like um so so week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but uh okay like you know I mean well well me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's you know I mean you know okay um um uh gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the um okay so so okay uh I mean mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man Booth you know uh so I mean uh so uh today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or reminder to you know so like um um I mean um everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we go through um you know I mean so okay I mean um the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first practice, but um okay you know well I mean so so as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as many podcasts as uh you know okay um like you know I mean we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to the media okay like so you know like I mean so how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're okay you know um so so so uh all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll have an uh you know well okay you know like so opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast okay okay um I mean so you know well well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her practice like well I mean so well so like report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer, like so well I mean okay you know okay right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans I mean well well um so well you know. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat okay uh uh so like um um to Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game uh I mean um I mean I mean um well week 29 joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head well like okay okay okay well okay of news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave um well I mean I mean like so um despite not touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not um like like okay uh okay like very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half way okay like okay uh so um like. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the people that are okay I mean so like so I mean um still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're I mean like like well um okay okay not from from the fact you have a lot of players on your team you are so so okay um um uh so playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys um uh so uh well well okay. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk uh uh like um so uh like about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the uh you know well well you know I mean you know finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in case so you know so you know um okay well that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too much uh you know so so okay so like time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling with post well um uh okay I mean like you know interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that they can be open okay you know you know like well you know uh and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview you know like like you know well you know uh circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found like like okay like I mean okay so out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of uh um uh you know so I mean I mean fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to so um well okay okay you know um Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had uh um um you know okay you know like they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was well okay I mean you know you know you know so you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, okay I mean like well um okay uh the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the role okay um I mean so okay well so that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't I mean like um uh so okay uh really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every um well like okay you know uh so now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely okay you know you know you know like um well fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer so um you know well um you know well Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear I mean so uh I mean uh you know so those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we I mean you know so I mean well uh I mean explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of I mean uh you know like I mean so um Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block uh you know I mean you know okay um well leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite you know I mean I mean well like um I mean etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness like uh I mean you know you know uh uh goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and so you know so so I mean uh you know Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track so well uh okay you know um like or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship I mean so like so you know uh um group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us well I mean uh okay like uh I mean focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person you know um so I mean um like I mean. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then um you know so well I mean well um on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't um you know I mean okay okay uh you know have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in you know okay well so so like I mean a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a okay well well like um so I mean lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I have I mean you know okay so okay okay okay created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me um like so I mean okay um uh live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like uh so you know like you know you know uh whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on you know like um so like okay okay behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our show I mean well like okay well uh I mean. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the so you know well like so um uh podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are like okay you know so um like I mean Dana husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco well you know you know well I mean you know um ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share you know like I mean I mean um uh so our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked uh I mean I mean you know uh uh okay at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with well like um okay like you know like us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing I mean um I mean like so um okay a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that okay like um um okay uh I mean we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp uh like um okay uh I mean okay group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your host you know well like like so I mean well Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that so well um so uh I mean I mean we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, well I mean you know uh um I mean I mean please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be I mean like I mean uh okay okay like awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top so uh I mean okay so well um 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy uh okay well okay like okay you know bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a okay um like uh okay um like waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes uh um well you know okay um I mean. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And um well you know so you know so you know the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games so okay uh uh well well well over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here so well I mean so you know I mean I mean we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the I mean well so well um you know okay list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts like like um um um um you know the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, okay um uh um you know well you know alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art okay so like well so like you know is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you I mean you know like um like like so reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many uh like uh um um so I mean years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child okay okay um so I mean okay okay sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the um I mean um you know uh um well proposal of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if I mean so you know like uh so uh they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in I mean like um so I mean um you know January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack so you know so okay uh um I mean Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government okay like uh um like like so to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly so um so okay you know I mean so podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far well so well so so so well and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made you know um so um I mean um okay a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the well you know so um uh like um meme she put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen so I mean well um uh um uh back to it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's um I mean okay you know uh so so not a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind okay um okay well well uh um of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to I mean uh okay uh um I mean uh do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday you know uh uh well so uh you know will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday you know like um um I mean um I mean. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody you know well so uh I mean um well just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat uh so okay um you know I mean like snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey so so well so you know like so where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for like okay I mean okay okay um uh an artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played okay uh like like like you know like with Father John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He um you know um you know um well like recently released his video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that um I mean I mean okay like um uh his own Studio track land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his you know okay like um I mean well like methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this okay I mean I mean okay like um well all in real time, which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it well I mean uh well okay like uh with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he so like um well you know I mean okay Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey uh you know like well like you know you know spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ I mean I mean well I mean like um um D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry um okay like um you know okay I mean deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you like uh um you know okay you know I mean know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho uh um you know okay well so like Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth okay okay I mean like uh well uh. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long uh well so um you know you know uh time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's okay um well you know uh like uh not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one so uh you know I mean okay um um bottle if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is so um I mean I mean like well like green. Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of you know you know you know okay uh okay well woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank so so I mean uh well so okay you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins well um okay uh so uh like me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so so like I mean so well uh so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and well you know uh uh okay well uh forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School I mean you know well well you know you know like. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just I mean I mean so uh I mean like I mean so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life and so um okay okay well so okay so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and well like so um so um uh her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining um uh you know okay okay well like episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down well well um um uh you know okay with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these various well like um so like like uh parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of so uh I mean so um uh okay methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car so um um so I mean like like. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a I mean you know well so um okay I mean few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy um um okay I mean like you know uh and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was that uh okay okay um okay okay I mean you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you know, bring you know okay like uh well I mean like it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how you know um okay I mean um well well entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie like um I mean so I mean like uh with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day you know okay you know uh like uh well on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir um so um so uh okay so TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have well uh well um so uh well to pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, like so um I mean like uh okay but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't uh I mean well like well um so miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, like you know I mean okay like so uh this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And okay so I mean um like so well if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody like uh like like um you know um Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy so like well so um you know you know Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin you know I mean I mean like I mean like okay. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a okay I mean um uh well like so special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them uh you know uh I mean you know you know you know on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with like you know well I mean so okay uh us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to I mean like uh uh okay okay um be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So you know you know so okay so um you know I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the you know uh well uh uh you know like show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where you know um so so uh um so we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a Grassroots um well uh I mean so you know well thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know I mean uh uh like so uh you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the I mean okay okay so you know well well 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there you know um so you know you know okay I mean through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week you know like uh like like so well instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we okay well uh like uh um you know discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, uh like you know okay like you know so and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a um well so so so like you know collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today so uh uh well I mean okay well. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if um I mean you know so I mean well um the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better well so um like I mean so well or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for um well like I mean so so I mean some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away and um uh well like um like um for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not well um well okay uh well um try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, so I mean okay um well okay well which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit so uh um so okay uh okay your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast uh like um um um like um for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the you know okay well uh I mean uh so free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so like so I mean you know like well well we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt like like uh well okay well you know Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni uh so uh like uh so okay. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the um well I mean uh so well so rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, ladies so I mean I mean um you know um um and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special uh okay like like um like okay guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website so uh you know um you know um well life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus uh like I mean well uh so like it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are behind with a like so I mean so so you know like big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against Georgia State you know okay um like okay I mean uh. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand well I mean I mean I mean like um well down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they have like uh like so uh I mean I mean going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a well I mean uh uh okay um well podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record like you know like you know I mean well um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for like like um okay um well so you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make well okay uh okay like you know well money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts okay you know uh uh you know uh okay in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started um uh like like like uh like. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about so I mean like um I mean I mean I mean talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets like I mean you know like um you know okay. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how well um so so I mean so uh much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life you know okay okay like well so uh your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's well um uh like you know so uh largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an intense okay well like uh so well like customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of pools um you know well okay you know I mean you know for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin okay I mean I mean uh uh like um for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to go and check okay like I mean okay um like okay them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show you know well you know like I mean you know I mean going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners would support the uh like like uh I mean you know you know show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and give well so like so um okay okay them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning like well uh you know I mean you know you know into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history of the well uh okay I mean uh um uh world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We you know well I mean uh so well like talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk you know like so okay I mean so well a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant uh like like you know you know well so on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple okay so so uh like you know I mean at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was like so so okay well I mean okay lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he like you know um you know um well I mean was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when okay okay uh you know I mean um okay he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter well like so so um um you know looks That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them okay well like like so uh uh his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in uh okay okay like so like you know the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat I mean well like like like you know so fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline uh you know I mean um you know okay um in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look okay I mean so um you know uh you know pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea um well I mean so uh so so showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were um um I mean well I mean like so still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro you know I mean so uh okay I mean you know fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the like okay okay um well like you know best long-term Investments were made when no one else was looking so an I mean like like I mean uh you know you know internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had FX in um um you know uh like I mean well the region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job so you know so so like I mean like was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast you know well okay um like uh so back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was um uh well uh you know um I mean the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to uh okay I mean uh like I mean uh sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough I mean well I mean well you know so I mean being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, um okay like um uh so okay you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando uh uh I mean well so I mean I mean who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide so um like um um like um and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back um I mean well like um I mean uh to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has um um so I mean so okay well Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First uh I mean you know well um okay well of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one you know okay like you know so like okay and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned well um okay so you know okay like King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the uh well you know well so okay I mean crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I I mean okay you know like I mean I mean uh quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll like uh like um you know like you know his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course okay so like well okay um well that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city I mean like okay you know well okay I mean liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as you know okay like um like well so king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the okay okay uh uh well I mean okay wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he like you know okay well so so okay whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards well well well um um okay uh Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right so uh like okay you know okay um. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't okay um uh I mean I mean well okay be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the okay okay I mean like I mean um like self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read um so like so um I mean okay to shake the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and like you know so um like well okay a beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my uh well okay okay so okay uh heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she um um I mean you know so so okay has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life uh um uh okay uh like uh and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey um so uh you know okay I mean like of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived um um you know like um well okay problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple well you know so like uh like I mean fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised okay so so I mean okay okay um another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health um I mean you know I mean you know you know uh status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the well like so so so uh so relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year I mean well okay uh you know so I mean. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you okay okay you know okay um well uh certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast uh you know you know okay so I mean uh. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about so um so so you know I mean okay views and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? okay well I mean um like um well Well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this I mean okay I mean I mean um okay uh podcast. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place for free and you like so well like um so you know can easily download it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing I mean you know like well well like so Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they um so um you know okay so well even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the okay so I mean I mean well uh like best part you can easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go you know um I mean well uh you know so download the app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, um like I mean you know I mean you know well it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to like uh like um like so you know share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is um I mean you know um um so like Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined okay I mean I mean like okay like okay by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today I mean so okay uh well so uh and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's okay uh okay well so I mean um this little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we um I mean um like well um you know thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if uh um okay like I mean um uh it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where well you know okay uh like okay so the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have okay uh so okay like um okay you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back like so like you know okay well um. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm like well okay you know you know I mean you know glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us I mean okay okay so you know so okay. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of so so okay uh okay well I mean today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email um okay well so you know like well here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me how like okay well uh I mean like so just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I guess uh so well um like like like his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with you know so okay uh uh so okay his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an um so well you know well well I mean emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed okay so so uh uh um okay his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging uh like well so so like I mean out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of uh okay well I mean well I mean you know attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with well well you know uh like I mean so only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, um um so like so uh uh but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest you know you know I mean I mean like um like Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we like well so I mean like I mean okay first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and you know you know um uh like okay so four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling uh okay well okay uh okay so the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I uh well um uh um um so don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one like you know I mean um so well you know were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know you know um you know well you know uh I mean the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I you know okay well so you know I mean uh don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees uh so well uh uh you know okay and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as uh okay so okay you know you know um hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard I mean I mean so like like um well you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep okay um okay well I mean well so moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then um so uh okay I mean I mean okay go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take well like you know well well so uh the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him so okay well so so um I mean or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than so so okay uh like like I mean that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We uh you know so uh like so like know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And I mean so uh well well okay okay we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround you know so well okay well well so in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers well so um uh well like okay that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe you know uh so like um uh so Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I I mean um like you know I mean well okay got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what uh like like I mean so okay well that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday okay um uh um well um okay. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the you know um I mean uh um uh so fifth episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able I mean you know okay um I mean like you know to join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain so like like okay well like so. What up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very okay well I mean okay I mean I mean like special guests from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude so like okay okay um uh uh and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from well I mean I mean well um you know um the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was um like okay um so you know like found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed okay uh um so okay you know um to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that so so like you know well like you know night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or uh um uh so you know like so Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener um okay okay uh uh okay like discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people you know you know uh uh well uh well may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer uh so um well okay well you know Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, I mean like you know um uh you know you know Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus okay well I mean um uh so okay on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and well uh like you know you know uh well osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear uh like I mean well okay so like many of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill like um um like well well I mean a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us like okay I mean uh you know um okay here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No uh I mean uh like like uh you know slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even okay like you know so like I mean I mean go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect I mean well you know okay well I mean so those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of so okay um well so I mean uh the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian like okay like okay um well you know Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're you know um like so like you know so looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century you know I mean uh you know like okay like. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this like I mean you know well you know so like enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd you know like so um like well so imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things well I mean so okay um um uh started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month okay well so uh um I mean uh Mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to well I mean like I mean okay I mean I mean I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you okay you know um okay okay well like from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos so so well so so so like and it's time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say you know well you know so you know so well it. You sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another um I mean so well like you know um episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new you know well um I mean you know so okay studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch you know okay like like you know okay okay the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks you know so well um you know like okay ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold like well I mean uh well uh uh for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're you know uh uh well well so uh sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different I mean well you know uh well okay uh places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high like uh well um you know um okay so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week uh so well um okay um so and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this well uh I mean like well uh well episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 so uh you know well uh I mean like episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget you know um uh you know so okay okay guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through well I mean um well uh you know I mean our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick so okay okay I mean okay I mean well around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to you know you know okay okay like well uh win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written comments uh like you know well like uh like on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this contest to uh well I mean I mean okay well okay the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time as always to or containing I mean um you know well well uh um listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like I mean like uh you know uh uh uh comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it like um okay you know uh so so the season finale. What do you think? It was it was good? It was really I mean like you know well you know okay uh good. They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah okay um okay uh you know okay uh Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with so okay like um like well so Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and um okay um okay I mean uh okay by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and so so okay you know you know uh okay we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This well okay like so okay I mean well episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive uh I mean well okay uh well um. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in okay well I mean you know so well uh the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting well uh I mean you know I mean well um The Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground you know um you know well well I mean like as president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at uh like so I mean like so okay least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California uh like I mean I mean you know so uh Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some well um okay okay you know like I mean members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and well like I mean okay okay you know okay other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion like um you know you know like um you know for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening like so uh like uh you know I mean to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend you know well well well like well you know for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in um uh okay I mean you know I mean you know my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of okay I mean okay I mean like um um Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only I mean you know you know you know so you know so coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not um uh like you know like you know uh the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot you know well you know well well so like. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best way uh so okay uh I mean well so to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it okay you know like okay um okay uh out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use um okay you know I mean okay you know so it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and well well you know um you know um like I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up uh so uh you know like like so with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're um like well I mean uh you know so interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has um okay okay so um uh okay another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has um you know I mean uh so so um a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So your uh so okay well okay I mean I mean partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with your well okay I mean well you know well uh partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this person. Maybe I mean you know so like uh um you know you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, you know um okay well well okay um which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your metamour I mean uh you know well like you know okay that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours like okay uh you know I mean well I mean or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you you know you know like I mean like uh okay want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or well like well okay so I mean okay have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in um you know so like I mean okay like conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing an you know well so uh so okay so action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find you know uh like well so I mean you know out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have uh okay like uh uh okay well previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of I mean uh I mean so okay I mean like creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me I mean I mean well well I mean well like. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and uh uh I mean so you know so I mean I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of so okay okay um like uh like people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot you know okay well you know uh um um of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure you know um you know um like uh uh out. You got a few things in common. And here we are here we okay um uh okay uh okay you know are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show uh like well you know well okay well notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened okay you know I mean so well okay um it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to okay you know so so okay um uh you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind okay um um um uh I mean like of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words well well so I mean I mean um well. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and okay you know well um like well like bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of uh um uh I mean you know okay well well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever like I mean um okay like um you know reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with okay like um uh um uh like that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that like uh um like you know um you know is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta I mean um I mean um you know you know so gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to so well like like um I mean I mean be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking well okay like um um you know well youth. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is um I mean well um you know uh so all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and you know well okay I mean uh uh so I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and okay um uh so okay okay uh when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also well so like well so so um looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I like uh well um well okay so realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're so uh well I mean okay um um obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I I mean you know well okay uh like I mean wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic um okay well uh uh I mean well podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as um okay you know I mean you know um well you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia uh so like I mean well well uh. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan I mean okay I mean um I mean uh I mean of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows like like uh uh so I mean you know the value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of I mean so like um I mean okay like this community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the so okay you know okay well so so Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy um well um uh I mean you know you know books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been okay I mean like I mean like so um on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world you know so uh okay okay you know like of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every okay so so uh you know um um week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the most okay you know I mean you know you know okay so fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short uh I mean uh okay um you know you know clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas well like okay like so like you know. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really uh so um so I mean so well is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you know um like um so uh okay you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the okay so I mean uh you know I mean um description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you like like okay well like you know okay here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys I mean I mean like you know you know um well have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in okay you know uh okay like well uh the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally so well you know okay okay okay like make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight uh um you know I mean uh um I mean. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just okay um okay um well well uh felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we cannot well like like um you know you know I mean something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us okay I mean okay so well um you know again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do well okay I mean you know I mean well um this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that well like like well I mean okay you know we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or so like uh well uh like like something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to okay well like um I mean okay you know correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not well I mean I mean um so so okay correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the like so um you know you know um like show, but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just like okay well um um uh you know kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I you know I mean uh I mean uh uh so think most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches I mean you know I mean you know uh um you know Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's you know you know I mean so uh you know uh ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield uh so like you know like well I mean and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late uh like okay you know I mean okay I mean. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New so uh uh like like you know um Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff okay so like so I mean so um going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so okay like okay well you know um so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap like you know I mean so I mean um um. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that well okay well um I mean um um I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying um okay I mean like you know okay like in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over uh um okay okay okay you know um here and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now like like um like I mean I mean so I'm finally in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of like well well well you know uh okay rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna so I mean okay okay like uh so and my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and well so okay uh like well you know real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that uh okay I mean like so well you know might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on okay well okay so you know you know okay speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a I mean you know like well okay like uh mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests uh so I mean okay you know I mean like. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time uh um I mean um I mean I mean I mean to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips I mean like okay I mean okay um like episode 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was okay um you know uh well so well right. Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in I mean I mean uh uh uh uh you know there wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your so uh you know uh well uh uh intro next time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining I mean uh um like well so you know us via Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting well uh uh okay well um well to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost uh um like um you know um you know always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather um uh like um you know you know um that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's I mean like um okay I mean like I mean like it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think um okay like like you know uh okay week something like that. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever I mean um so so I mean so so you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised um well well um you know okay okay. This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We so I mean like um so so um advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college I mean I mean like I mean um um uh campus where everyone's gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in um so so um you know I mean um the air and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up well I mean like okay so well okay by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate uh um okay okay you know you know like you swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late um well like like uh you know you know enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips so like like okay uh like you know and jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight so I mean so I mean um so like line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with I mean uh um um uh well well hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at I mean like okay I mean okay okay I mean the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of uh um um uh like so you know us. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel okay um you know so uh I mean okay cake. We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake um well okay uh so okay like typically. Yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who like you know uh you know um well I mean loves funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down so well you know you know I mean well um the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we you know like like like so so so go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where like uh I mean so you know okay okay he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years later so um okay um uh uh um if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking uh I mean um okay well okay you know sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen free so so well well you know okay so on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for I mean so you know uh um uh so the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew ducky um uh well uh okay uh uh. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy okay you know uh I mean uh like um. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the well like like okay okay I mean I mean last few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares um so okay um you know okay okay again and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute I mean okay um you know um I mean well increments of sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you well uh so uh okay you know like ready yourself you scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist so uh so well uh so so appointment this week as you dress you ask your smart speaker what you know so I mean uh okay you know you know the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it you know um uh well okay like I mean will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels so like okay well uh so um like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian okay um you know uh well so okay Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve I mean well like like um um well Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells well um uh okay so okay um differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys well so you know well you know I mean I mean are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend well I mean well I mean you know like uh behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain um you know I mean you know okay uh um Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the so so I mean uh well um so research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt like um so um so so uh Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, uh uh like I mean um you know you know which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why okay I mean um uh like um like circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore um you know uh you know um like well Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most well like so I mean okay I mean well of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed you know so so like like uh I mean in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is um okay I mean uh so I mean like it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What you know you know so um you know uh I mean is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also going well um uh uh I mean you know uh to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the like you know you know uh uh like you know world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both so um so um uh I mean you know and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe okay I mean okay like I mean okay um that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And um so so uh you know like well as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was uh so uh so okay uh uh for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great so like I mean uh okay like okay compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app well I mean okay so I mean you know like today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal you know well well you know um so uh development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and well so um okay I mean uh okay get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom um I mean um uh um like like. App and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of small okay you know okay I mean well so I mean talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith I mean I mean okay so like um you know introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often um um um like okay I mean well sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third like I mean um I mean so uh you know grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting you know I mean um okay you know I mean so your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor uh I mean like okay uh so like is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this so like so so um okay okay podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just um well I mean like like like uh download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit you know you know um like I mean well um go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes okay like you know so so so okay Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of I mean well well um um you know you know All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the so uh you know okay uh like okay mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate so um you know uh well you know um each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do um um uh okay so like well this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to like well um you know I mean um I mean leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the I mean um uh uh I mean well um pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast okay well okay um um so so. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and uh I mean you know you know like I mean like edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for well um like uh I mean well um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um um so you know well okay so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to well okay you know so uh so so make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor so you know well uh okay so uh FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast you know uh so well so well so today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We have so like um um uh well well Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some okay you know like so I mean well you know workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really like well so so I mean uh okay really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you um um you know well you know uh okay need this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at um well uh so okay well I mean UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit like so you know I mean uh well like plan is a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week so uh I mean I mean I mean um uh all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all you know you know um you know like like like video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment um like um um um so uh needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair up some point, I mean well so uh you know you know well but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the um okay okay like uh I mean um house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions at okay uh I mean okay like so like the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we um um uh so so okay I mean go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on well okay like well well um uh. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, you know like well okay I mean well uh hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know so well so so um you know so. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie uh you know so like so uh like out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a so okay okay okay okay um you know young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while like um well okay I mean you know so we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want um uh okay you know I mean so you know to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's okay like well okay well um okay kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of I mean so you know uh well well so my last Whatever you want to call it one of my last I mean well I mean okay okay so well pump and dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to I mean I mean okay well um uh okay a woman about my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass I mean um so you know like okay well freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And okay um so well like okay like yeah, that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're uh uh you know um you know well uh up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly um uh okay um um so well getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of you know uh um well um you know I mean different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the okay uh so I mean you know okay I mean Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank like so you know so you know so so you for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come uh you know you know well okay you know uh and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no I mean well uh well uh so you know. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord you know well uh you know um I mean I mean and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's you know you know I mean like you know okay okay about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of Doc you know so well I mean okay I mean okay season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be no uh so uh like so uh so more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following uh like well um you know so I mean that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script okay so so like so I mean okay shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new like um okay okay you know okay well merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / bogomil new you know like um like like well you know March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap ring.com doors /og well so um I mean so um so Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got that shit together with I mean um so um like um well the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We well I mean I mean uh so you know you know love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types of designs I mean you know okay um I mean I mean well. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker you know I mean I mean so okay you know so hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm well you know okay okay like uh so Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're um I mean I mean like so uh so going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team I mean you know I mean okay so like so can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast well uh well like well you know I mean drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts well uh you know I mean um um okay. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm you know like you know well I mean okay so going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe uh so so like like um okay don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a uh well okay like I mean well like therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and okay like uh I mean well so uh I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good um uh well I mean I mean so uh stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a so you know well well I mean so you know talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire uh like you know well well you know well and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on uh so like like I mean you know okay the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me so you know you know I mean like so like alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your so you know well uh okay okay okay own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front you know um so you know like um um of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for okay I mean okay so well I mean okay me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give so um I mean well so I mean okay it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously um okay you know so so uh I mean this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or okay I mean uh I mean like you know like do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from uh so um like um like I mean the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's okay so okay um so well I mean Day events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here to so I mean um uh um uh so tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening to uh uh well um okay uh I mean the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out so I mean I mean well you know uh so there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice um I mean so like so you know um heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest way to so I mean uh so you know okay um make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools that allow well well uh you know well well you know you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will also so uh um uh um I mean like distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well well you know well you know you know so Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing um um I mean um I mean well um you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh I mean you know okay uh well well that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come well uh okay okay okay um um from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of like I mean so I mean like I mean uh the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies I mean okay I mean you know I mean okay okay and on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working okay well uh you know well like um on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut uh uh I mean I mean like um okay his teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing um you know um uh um um like trade World. They joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the so uh um um well uh well gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love um well so okay so you know uh told us why she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to so I mean I mean okay I mean um so do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners you know okay so like like I mean so before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our uh um you know like like so like sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a uh I mean um so so you know so podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a okay uh okay so okay so I mean creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so okay so you know um you know so phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you okay I mean like um like uh okay can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money uh I mean uh like well you know like from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to uh like like like uh so so make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go well um I mean so well you know well to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That I mean you know uh um I mean uh okay was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit well so I mean I mean you know uh well the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory well um okay uh so okay okay victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has you know I mean um I mean so uh you know Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This you know so like uh well I mean um is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final you know well um okay well I mean okay season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited you know like you know well well like okay. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world I mean okay uh um I mean you know I mean here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and you know uh okay like uh so uh probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit like okay like well uh well um of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not uh like um well well uh so just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off like okay you know okay so you know I mean the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, well okay so like okay like like good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh um like I mean like I mean uh you know. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are um I mean okay okay well so like good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven days ago so you know I mean like like I mean okay and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I I mean you know well like so so uh think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is you know so uh like uh I mean uh AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have you know um okay um uh well okay Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this you know I mean I mean I mean so you know you know is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I mean well okay like okay uh so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago well um uh I mean I mean um you know. So it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you okay okay like okay so like uh always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were you know okay so okay well you know uh doing it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The like like well okay I mean like uh men of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks okay like you know you know so um okay of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of like well well you know well uh you know traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in I mean okay um uh uh well you know their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp okay so well you know you know I mean um lured by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it I mean um so I mean so so uh wanted to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of I mean so um you know I mean you know um the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that okay uh so uh you know um um our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor um you know um you know so so okay it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's so so okay well I mean um like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh um so so so like uh phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak so I mean okay um like so um. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard you know okay uh uh well well um on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum um you know so um well well I mean minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast okay uh uh well like you know well in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot so uh you know you know well uh okay. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode like well uh um like I mean like number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about well uh you know like like um like how our boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast well so like like like like so where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business like uh well I mean I mean you know so in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means like like so so well um I mean every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based um well okay you know so so like on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come well okay um so uh uh like and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark I mean um I mean well so uh so is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to um well uh okay like like you know talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not uh I mean okay I mean I mean well like just any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I okay um like so like well I mean identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and you know okay um you know you know so like where to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris um um like uh okay uh like and here. So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison I mean you know you know like you know so um today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued so I mean so you know well uh so media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make well so uh uh well you know well a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you I mean well well so I mean well okay to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute you know so so um like I mean okay your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts so you know I mean okay like like well and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our uh so I mean okay so so uh listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know um you know um like I mean okay. Base download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to so so like uh I mean okay I mean get started. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young um uh like uh well like uh row row the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today you know I mean I mean well uh you know um. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to okay like well so I mean okay uh the podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over well like okay well um I mean you know on our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their online uh well uh um I mean like you know store and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to uh well I mean so okay uh okay launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to like uh uh uh uh you know uh pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff like I mean uh like uh I mean so. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post you know you know so you know well like like a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you you know um you know okay uh so um know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then you know like you know like like like uh the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make that website okay like uh like well so so on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? well you know like okay uh I mean okay So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a so uh like you know uh like well couple different options you have and then let you know what I do and okay like okay well I mean I mean uh what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad okay okay well uh well well um human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two very so I mean so well um you know uh much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone you know so um so uh I mean um. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How okay well okay so um okay um are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently um I mean so well like okay um in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite okay um uh so I mean so well a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during um well well like uh uh uh our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor uh okay uh you know um um um anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast I mean you know okay okay uh uh like for you. So if you are listening to me right now, it's because you know I mean uh you know I mean um you know of anchor now. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can um okay well well um well like use to create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone so well uh I mean uh um um or your computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to well well okay okay so so I mean track down apple and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me so well um okay I mean okay I mean. I just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can you know uh you know um like like you know make money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is I mean well okay so uh okay I mean an ad that I've written for them so that I can make a little you know uh um okay I mean like I mean bit of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode uh like I mean I mean so uh I mean of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are I mean so well like so like I mean going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova I mean uh um uh um um I mean at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre um well so okay so um uh Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland you know so I mean um like you know um. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak so I mean you know like I mean well uh into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe um so I mean you know so well um hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some um uh uh well like um uh swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every so well you know so so um you know single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by so uh like I mean so you know uh far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally well you know uh like uh okay okay named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back well okay like I mean so um so to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick was saying like you know okay like well uh I mean I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this is I mean um like I mean you know like I mean my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I okay well uh well well I mean like would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need uh um well you know um well well tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast about well, so you know um um um so okay let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going like uh okay so I mean well okay to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement um you know you know well uh so like from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open well um you know okay okay you know like relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome you know so uh uh okay well I mean to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't okay so uh okay okay well um heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to um um like okay so you know um make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and like like uh I mean uh so well it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you like well I mean well so I mean I mean have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it so like I mean uh you know um like. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your okay you know well I mean so you know I mean phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I uh well like you know uh well so have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we like you know okay like uh um uh talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading I mean well like uh you know well you know the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't I mean like you know well uh um okay have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea well so uh you know so um uh tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading okay so okay you know well like okay Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock like okay I mean uh like uh like right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just you know so I mean like uh I mean so to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when like uh well well you know you know you know I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram okay well uh uh so I mean like because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with um I mean so you know like uh like Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I um so okay well so so I mean think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center you know uh okay okay uh I mean well and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here okay well uh okay so um uh with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me um I mean well okay I mean okay um feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm you know like well uh well well um sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much I mean so like uh like okay like for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel uh like like um I mean you know I mean like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east so uh well um okay I mean like coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic well you know okay uh okay so like and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This is like uh I mean you know you know um uh actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a week um I mean well I mean um I mean I mean with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live with him right um um uh like like well like now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if you missed the live, well so um like so you know well this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here we go. There I mean you know I mean so so um uh he is now in so we're going to be able to get started in just so you know okay uh okay you know I mean a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and there is what's up. Back like uh well like um like you know again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo like uh you know okay like you know um episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month so okay you know you know well okay so. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly okay you know so um okay you know I mean. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion so you know well I mean you know well you know at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure well like so I mean well like well corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough well I mean okay well uh well like. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United you know so um um so like okay States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those like I mean uh uh well like you know cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The uh like um I mean um okay well number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered across well uh uh you know you know okay I mean 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that I mean you know you know uh well well I mean states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak so well so well okay well um apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County I mean okay I mean well well like um resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah you know you know I mean um um I mean okay the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush. Here like uh I mean you know okay you know like we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we you know you know uh you know okay well uh go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's um um you know uh so uh I mean running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac bitter truth um uh like um well uh okay to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot of I mean uh uh you know okay okay well people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't okay uh okay well so so well die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what I know so okay okay so you know uh well about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff well you know so um you know you know you know that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club okay I mean you know I mean uh okay so with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually well I mean so I mean so okay you know talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, well um okay so so um well he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So um um I mean um you know I mean well very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and like uh so I mean um I mean well I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, so like okay um okay like I mean which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, um well you know uh well like I mean where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport like um well so like okay I mean with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses um like so you know I mean so you know as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge like I mean well okay you know I mean like. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He uh you know um well um so you know encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to I mean so so so okay um uh Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free uh um so like uh like well tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at his okay well well so um I mean um PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard the next um uh well well okay okay you know available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to well um like I mean um okay like the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the top I mean I mean like so uh okay like in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone um okay I mean so you know um I mean and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans you know so uh I mean uh so like with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be okay I mean you know like like um you know digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and I mean I mean I mean you know so well uh having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor uh I mean uh uh so okay okay Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ uh so okay you know like uh um of Texas in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior um I mean so uh okay like I mean and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my um uh okay so you know you know so weekly podcast that I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also I mean I mean okay um um um um to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy I mean uh you know um okay I mean uh. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition like well so uh uh okay okay and respect just to name a few join me each week as I dive into you know so um um so so you know these topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs okay I mean okay I mean I mean like uh Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business well so okay I mean okay okay like and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your like like well um well uh well business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited uh so you know you know you know uh okay to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta I mean like like uh uh like so. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on um um you know um so um I mean a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also like um so like uh I mean you know does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time uh uh I mean like well um well makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you um well I mean okay like uh like guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts uh uh uh uh okay you know you know. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast is called okay you know okay you know like well I mean catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought you know, what um you know uh so so like well like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch up you know uh um you know okay so um with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the um you know so well so like you know past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the uh so like like uh so I mean theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things like um like um well like um that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health okay I mean like uh you know so uh growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult so uh well so okay I mean um. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up okay you know um okay I mean I mean uh. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up um like well um you know I mean okay is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what uh so uh so you know you know uh they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper well like I mean okay like uh uh decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett um I mean like okay okay okay so and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a little uh like like uh so um like bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL okay okay I mean like so uh okay East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only like so okay well um like like real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let okay okay like like so like okay me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the floor and um so okay okay okay you know so he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do this um like um like um you know well because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to talk about um I mean okay uh okay okay okay why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that I get I mean uh you know you know you know I mean you know about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what to you know okay um so like so you know look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make sure like um um I mean uh like you know to stay all the way to the end because I just started a new uh okay okay okay I mean uh uh segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer a you know uh okay like like uh I mean random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the well okay well you know like like um blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you my love well um so well I mean I mean so for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the so okay okay uh so you know well topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is you know so well well um okay so something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you're not like um um well I mean you know so going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel like like well you know I mean you know uh uh things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to feel um you know I mean I mean well um um like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great and you're um you know um like you know I mean well going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days it's going to feel okay I mean you know like um okay so hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially like okay you know so like okay I mean if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling you what uh um like okay I mean I mean you know a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want to build or that okay um okay uh well okay like career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email I mean okay I mean like uh uh well here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate you know I mean uh so okay um well 1985. This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like uh so um um um so like we have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very well um so like well um you know high bar on the show. And this is the first show that we are well so okay so okay okay um doing in the greatest month that we have on the calendar and as I've always like well I mean you know like so I mean stated it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the um um uh uh I mean I mean I mean best coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think uh so um like so uh um about the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great I mean okay you know well I mean like like speeches that we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into like so well okay you know okay okay office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable okay um like I mean okay well um life and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a uh uh you know okay okay okay I mean motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known you know so well okay uh like um as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do like okay okay okay so so I mean you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal so okay well I mean okay okay like justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach like um okay well um like uh coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and okay okay um you know well I mean well her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San like um so so well okay you know Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures well like um well um um well amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here well I mean I mean um uh um okay with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing well so well so you know you know you know with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room um well like um okay uh uh or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is always so I mean well well well um you know like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine so um I mean well I mean well well the medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of well you know uh uh I mean so well tough choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, I mean you know well I mean so so I mean but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I so I mean like you know um uh uh want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have your so I mean you know you know like so I mean looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are you know um I mean so like like okay friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are uh well okay well um uh okay here with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming well okay um uh uh you know uh from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so okay I mean like you know uh okay um excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so um uh like so so um so welcome to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of so okay I mean okay like so like us speaking are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk well you know uh okay like I mean like about our story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How okay you know like well okay well well do we express this? How do we what do we think of what we so so um okay uh okay uh title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like uh uh I mean I mean you know I mean uh to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay so okay you know you know uh I mean Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did so like um well uh so uh not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known like like well um uh so like it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download um uh well well okay like okay the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will uh like I mean I mean uh I mean well do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides I mean um well you know uh um so. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do uh so okay uh well like um anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use okay okay uh well I mean I mean well of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which so you know uh well okay you know uh you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post well okay you know you know um like uh something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's so you know uh you know so uh uh daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy um um like okay um I mean I mean this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media okay I mean okay I mean okay so okay. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers you know uh you know so like I mean I mean dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you so you know well uh okay uh okay to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of um um you know I mean so like like it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the well um like you know uh um like lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those I mean uh I mean okay like well I mean of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of okay so like you know I mean so okay the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the well well you know well you know like like management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and uh uh okay um like I mean I mean strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my you know so like um uh you know so muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners okay well like um okay so well running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for you know like uh you know so well I mean a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my um like well okay okay um like travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome uh you know I mean well um I mean well back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for uh you know like you know like uh well joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's so I mean well so um like um start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What like you know like okay like well um you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life okay well okay like okay so you know. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have uh um I mean uh like okay like our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best okay I mean you know so like okay uh buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them like uh you know so well okay you know - yeah, so we want to talk to them because they are the key like uh you know like okay well well ingredients to this major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The okay like well um um uh well 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official well uh uh um I mean uh okay title. Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through I mean like okay um um you know um Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe you know um you know like like uh okay 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way so so like so I mean okay um back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is uh okay I mean well um okay okay. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So you know you know uh well so you know uh what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid you know you know like um well um like yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It uh like okay like like so you know has been a hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I I mean like uh I mean well so you know get to check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, uh you know okay uh okay I mean okay we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess uh like so um like so you know for you and I but as far as playing and all that stuff like uh well okay you know like you know goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always like like so okay I mean um like amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills you know uh um so uh like uh. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already uh well so well uh so you know listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of okay you know um um like um you know stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams I mean uh uh uh um well um play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks um uh you know like you know like uh both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion um so uh well um um so stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan like so so well well okay um. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you um like you know um well well you know live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm like well uh so you know I mean um trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it uh well so uh I mean you know like. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think well uh like like uh uh you know of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together okay so so like you know you know okay on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your like I mean I mean um uh well so own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you you know you know like uh you know I mean like are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast is well okay um like uh you know well causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In um so um you know um you know well other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well being that uh um um I mean uh um well you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of how you so like I mean okay well um um feel right now this red hot minute and we want those realities to merge um well um I mean you know well uh and the only way that those realities can merge is for you to come with us um so well you know like uh like in other words because we're not going with you. We are not going to complain um uh uh uh like so so with you about the injustices of your world because we see them not we you know okay uh so like you know well are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes um like uh like okay so so discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme I mean I mean you know well you know so so Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta well okay uh um you know you know so was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party okay um you know like you know like so when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From so so I mean well so um um an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the so okay okay um you know I mean like other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp um I mean uh um so you know you know a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So well uh uh okay you know I mean so she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to like well uh okay so you know like a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to I mean well okay uh you know you know like the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here okay well so uh so um I mean. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has uh you know uh like I mean so well. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm uh uh I mean I mean well okay I mean with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is like um well I mean so you know I mean that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the family uh I mean well okay I mean well well all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually you know like okay I mean well so like talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and you know I mean you know so uh okay you know is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner um um I mean I mean well uh um any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual so you know so well um uh uh in nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on I mean you know um uh like so okay the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement like uh I mean uh you know well like or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys so um okay you know like I mean like newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised you know uh you know I mean I mean so okay. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its uh like well like well okay I mean heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a um so uh you know you know you know um heroine start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the like you know so okay like uh well outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk like uh like um okay uh okay about heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may uh so um so so uh so have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that um um you know so you know um so people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was you know okay you know so so like uh called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called so like um okay um you know you know the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with so you know like I mean um um okay Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to like like I mean okay um you know um help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're okay like like I mean you know well okay smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through like um I mean so okay uh I mean the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered I mean so um so like so so in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside like like well well like so like a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South you know um like I mean well well um Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt well like um so you know well you know an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of like uh so okay like so uh life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your um well you know like you know well I mean host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and like like um uh like um like Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives uh so okay um um okay so. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did to I mean um um you know like uh um do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 so okay like uh okay um um years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about like I mean okay well like so well exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you from okay uh well uh so um okay the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? you know well you know okay you know okay I mean Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I well well you know um okay uh like know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to uh uh okay uh uh uh uh two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just I mean so okay I mean uh okay uh kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it I mean I mean you know I mean so like um is. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch like like um I mean I mean like well up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has you know uh well well okay like I mean been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about well um um uh like I mean you know Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only uh you know so okay you know I mean um claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating well I mean uh well okay um I mean discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may um um you know um uh uh well be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to you know you know well I mean okay I mean well be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in I mean you know okay I mean like like you know the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of okay you know uh you know okay okay like several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking so so so uh you know well like about that next. But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If uh like I mean uh um um you know you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when I mean so um I mean I mean you know you know you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day well I mean okay so uh I mean um. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the well so okay you know so you know uh call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on this uh okay I mean you know uh you know okay morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray for you uh so I mean well well well I mean on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm staying at home you know I mean okay uh um um you know today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, but so I mean well you know so you know okay I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that I you know you know uh so um well uh got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So today I'm okay uh uh like um okay I mean going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate okay you know you know uh okay you know okay of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions so like um uh um like I mean have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you uh okay uh well well so uh enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every uh uh you know okay uh I mean so Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups um so like you know like well um follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past um well like you know well like like a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted well well uh uh okay I mean I mean by Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna uh you know like uh uh I mean so be her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here you know you know well well like so well. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce well you know you know um okay you know well Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making uh like okay okay okay you know okay self. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a um you know so so okay well well really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers okay I mean you know I mean okay so you know are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you know you know uh so well um I mean you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great you know uh so uh uh uh so show tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also so uh um uh okay like uh a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness like I mean uh like uh you know uh if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity like well well um well so um. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back you know uh I mean um I mean I mean I mean to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having you know well so okay you know uh uh me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over you know um so so so so I mean something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top I mean well like so well you know okay of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you well I mean okay you know well you know well want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported so like okay uh well uh okay that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link so you know I mean okay okay so so in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that so so uh um like uh um Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because you know okay so uh uh um like Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight like well like I mean I mean uh you know. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette I mean I mean you know I mean I mean uh okay so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other like so okay so well I mean you know reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I you know so um okay well I mean um see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down like uh like like like uh well in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily um well I mean so you know um so. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her uh um you know I mean I mean um well earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check like uh I mean okay you know okay like out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready so uh uh um um okay you know for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce uh okay well I mean well I mean well our next speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother you know I mean well so you know okay so to Brielle and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a so like okay okay like uh you know pastor in suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole so you know you know you know okay so okay committee. She serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks um um well you know like um I mean internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO uh um okay um well uh uh chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, so um so uh okay uh so we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with I mean well um like uh so okay Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also uh so well well well you know like talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario I mean like um you know okay uh you know Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen so uh so you know I mean okay well to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So I mean uh okay uh you know like like we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on uh you know okay um I mean okay you know the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons uh um well um you know I mean okay and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is so like well well I mean like um a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking okay so I mean okay uh well like about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering well so uh so well like so lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them you know well um well okay uh okay. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time well okay okay you know like you know um but before all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since you know so so like so like so we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've uh okay okay you know you know I mean so been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I well well so so um um um played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast well so so I mean so uh uh. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and okay well I mean so so I mean I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast okay okay I mean uh I mean okay well for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so okay uh so okay like uh more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything okay uh so you know you know uh okay you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or well uh I mean uh like so so go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast uh okay um okay so uh I mean a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr I mean okay uh like so okay I mean. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training you know you know okay okay you know so you know in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot um well you know like like well like 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you like so well um uh well uh outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then um like like like I mean uh like there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 you know um you know so okay you know um on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California um I mean like uh uh uh you know was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim um like uh so so so well was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the okay well so you know I mean you know okay Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my um uh well um well uh uh Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and so like okay you know um you know well also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit okay well okay I mean uh I mean so my house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I okay um well like um uh okay mentioned the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there uh so um well I mean uh so something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or um so you know you know like uh I mean not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever okay okay uh I mean like um um couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know well um well I mean okay uh you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a so well um um like like like text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from uh so I mean uh like so so Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit so okay uh well um you know so of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about so um like so you know um you know anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's so so okay okay well you know well a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um I mean um well okay so okay your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor up well well well I mean uh um like or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It's so okay like like well you know um going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to you know um okay well you know like like sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with um you know uh so like you know okay people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to so you know so I mean you know well uh be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website so okay like uh I mean um I mean at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how um uh um um okay I mean um many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I see your well well I mean okay like uh well hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how I mean so uh um so uh uh about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so that everything I mean well um I mean so well okay is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to well um so you know like uh uh introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this you know um you know well um uh so. You already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's well um um uh like well okay it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention like well um well so so I mean McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about so I mean um well so okay well the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for I mean you know so like uh uh so alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have uh well okay you know okay like so any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before we I mean um uh like uh like well jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if so so like so okay well so you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because um um like like so like well everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you so well I mean uh you know like like here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind uh um um like like um okay of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I uh like so uh um you know you know don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess I you know um uh like like I mean um go to school with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work okay um I mean so um um like and I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage well okay like you know so uh well in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me so okay well well you know like okay polyamory is the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want like you know um I mean like uh uh to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison well you know I mean I mean okay like so Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in um uh so so um okay you know the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that like I mean I mean like I mean well um Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because uh like so so so like well Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight uh I mean okay you know okay okay well. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so like uh okay so you know so I mean she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other well well okay I mean well well well reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right okay uh well okay uh I mean like now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts okay so I mean I mean uh like like down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily well I mean well like uh well you know. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on so um um um you know well okay her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure like you know um well um like so you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific well so okay you know like uh I mean on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just well um so uh like I mean um like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real so like okay you know you know well well real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never uh well so well so uh uh met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is well so I mean okay I mean you know so the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what like so uh so like like um is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him okay okay um like like so um up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved like you know I mean um you know so okay music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start well um uh okay like so like screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I uh you know you know uh uh uh well was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how uh I mean I mean well you know like I mean we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like so well okay you know uh okay uh are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open. Sweet you know um you know well I mean okay I mean cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in because so well um like you know um um we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we have a restraining um I mean I mean like I mean okay well order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're um so okay so well okay well here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours so okay well you know I mean well okay top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I um well so so okay like uh not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can uh I mean so okay so okay you know play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want I mean um so I mean okay I mean I mean me to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological you know okay like well you know you know well order. So my first injury from way back when I was in eighth um so like uh well so well grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm uh well well well I mean okay so Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep uh uh uh you know so well okay doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with us about I mean well well you know um um like Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So so okay well I mean um okay so good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it since uh um uh so you know you know I mean last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce sister like so like um like well well on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's a delight you know um you know you know you know so so to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just thrilled to like so okay well so so um see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you like uh like I mean uh well okay. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading so okay well I mean okay you know you know faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony um um so um uh like um Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it okay so you know uh okay um well or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if you know so like uh I mean okay uh it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered so uh uh so I mean um okay that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality okay uh uh I mean you know well you know with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover well okay well um um okay um more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens so uh uh um like so like religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some like like um okay okay I mean so of the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In okay okay um I mean well well okay other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll like so you know I mean uh I mean well join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in like so like well okay you know well today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you so you know okay well so uh uh don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have well like so like like like so expenses. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to okay well you know so like well okay close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to um well well well well okay uh revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in you know so like um well I mean I mean search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price you know well you know okay okay you know so point taking you from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is like okay well um I mean I mean I mean Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you uh um um I mean um well you know more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you so um you know okay like uh okay more bookings and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of like so uh um okay you know like commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple um so okay um um well okay to implement. They're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them well like okay uh uh okay well will require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this um you know okay uh you know um well will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised like I mean you know so um I mean um this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some you know I mean okay okay um so well people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa okay okay you know so okay I mean like Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped so so so I mean um you know um office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff you know well well like like okay you know. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you know you know so you know so uh you know you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage um well uh uh so okay uh client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is okay uh you know okay um so so not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself so okay like um um like so. He is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I uh um you know I mean um I mean I mean don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot uh okay like like I mean um well. Sorry be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part like well um well like I mean I mean 1 of 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody uh I mean well I mean well you know I mean Welcome to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew so like I mean um uh like uh Strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin um I mean uh I mean like you know um in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's uh okay you know um so uh so called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological um okay I mean so so you know I mean virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness I mean well you know I mean so uh I mean placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but uh like like uh like I mean well on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive uh um I mean uh um um um for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not so well I mean okay so um okay yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first so okay I mean so you know um I mean and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If like so like okay like okay uh you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So um I mean so you know I mean uh you know let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do I mean like like like well uh well there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right well I mean uh well well you know you know from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will you know so you know I mean I mean uh like distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And um uh okay so like like so so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum like well um I mean um uh I mean listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this uh well okay uh so okay well is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I well uh you know uh so um um prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with okay so you know you know I mean like so God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this okay you know like you know um um okay one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it I mean I mean so so okay well so possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 I mean well I mean I mean okay um uh and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday um I mean well uh so um I mean. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this so um well well um uh you know word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio uh uh well you know like uh okay experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and like like I mean like I mean well um which I really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast like you know uh um you know um so on the first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity you know well I mean like like um okay. Thank the Lord you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out uh you know well well I mean uh um last month and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are okay I mean you know uh well um so present you are able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy well well okay so so um uh with last month and you can make a difference and I want you to you know uh well you know um well like see that as something Really really really serious and really something to be so well so um well okay like okay grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in like like like like you know um I mean life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find I mean like uh you know uh you know so out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am so uh like so uh you know okay. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing uh you know uh I mean so I mean uh shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We I mean okay okay uh you know I mean so have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the I mean I mean so so you know um I mean good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already like um you know uh I mean well you know mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson um so well I mean um okay um and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer you know uh you know um you know okay like of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome you know so okay you know like you know uh to killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn I mean so okay like you know okay you know some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic you know you know uh so you know okay okay like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti okay like I mean so um I mean uh who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted like you know I mean well so um so Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e so okay like so uh okay uh podcast. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the um okay I mean so uh um um things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore so so well you know like well uh topics that I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one okay uh so well uh uh well of those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do so okay you know you know um okay like you get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the um you know well um so um uh things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business so um like like I mean like I mean which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency uh so you know so well like I mean created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency okay uh I mean I mean well like okay here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle well so like um so okay I mean East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal you know well like okay um like um Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn okay so you know like like okay um from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing um uh I mean like I mean you know you know unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your um uh so like I mean uh so host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend well you know well well um well uh Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say like um so like uh um um wisdom comes with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't uh um so so I mean you know so know who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby well um I mean well uh well I mean Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in you know well so uh you know so so the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called uh uh I mean okay uh well you know a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most like so okay you know so okay well exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I in like okay I mean okay uh okay um mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that uh you know like well like uh I mean no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we um uh so you know um like I mean can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his so um uh so like okay so spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, you know okay uh so uh so um it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to okay like um well like like uh introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea like you know you know like so so so that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to um well you know um I mean you know I mean make it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the you know um like uh I mean uh uh world. So here we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law okay so you know uh so well you know. So we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you you know you know uh like I mean so uh know, what made us start this podcast and how we know each other and you know like you know uh well like well who we are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be well okay okay so well uh you know about and so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked well I mean okay so well like so getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer well you know you know I mean so like so old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think so uh so so like okay you know you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the you know well so okay um well um house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well uh like like well okay okay so really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good okay I mean um like uh you know um. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of the I mean okay you know like like I mean okay presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival I mean okay um you know I mean you know um selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action okay like like you know so okay so in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy um uh you know like you know like so feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at 9:00 to so I mean you know uh uh well okay 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and well um well I mean you know you know so seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for you know like you know uh uh you know um he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now so I mean I mean uh uh well you know by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so okay like uh you know um like uh on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much uh I mean you know okay well uh well myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I I mean well you know you know like okay I mean was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV okay okay so okay like uh like talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? I mean well uh like I mean so okay So I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying I mean you know okay like um uh uh where is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually you know uh you know like uh well okay having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have I mean um so you know well so well a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first okay well I mean so you know you know well podcast of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie you know you know uh you know so like um deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know okay you know um so like um uh how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was um like I mean well okay uh you know just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash um like so you know uh uh like can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past well you know uh I mean okay well you know. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure okay you know so you know well okay you know out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a okay uh I mean so you know okay I mean proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you um you know well like you know like uh never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no so like so you know I mean I mean I mean way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and okay okay you know like uh uh so popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it so well uh uh uh you know you know. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out so so I mean I mean I mean so well life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that well okay I mean so uh okay okay that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta okay um I mean uh so so well tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the um like okay uh okay so well devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the I mean well like so I mean uh um head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free okay so I mean um like so so from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and um uh like well um I mean so the enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one so um well well well okay you know cannot touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right I mean uh um so you know uh um standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace well like uh okay um well I mean of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he like okay like uh like um okay that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit uh you know like so okay so uh. I have put up the old and put on the new I have been okay you know so um like um well given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God uh okay so I mean I mean like okay shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all well like so so okay um so the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This I mean so like well okay um so will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because okay well um well so I mean I mean we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be okay okay you know okay well I mean uh more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all uh I mean so um well you know well this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited um so you know well well okay you know that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar I mean um I mean so so you know uh Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? you know uh so so so like like Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here so like I mean you know you know I mean like to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius well uh well okay so uh well. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the like so okay um okay like uh trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today okay well you know um uh uh I mean and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 like okay I mean uh I mean okay okay Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered uh well so okay okay uh uh. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of so um well um um so well the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is um uh you know okay so uh okay about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things. I so uh I mean so I mean you know I mean read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books okay like uh I mean well you know so. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions. If you know okay well um well I mean like you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go to you know like um okay uh like uh ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise to read well well uh you know you know so uh it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask me anything now well um like I mean well okay you know enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at near and farcom I mean um like I mean you know well I mean. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and farcom um like I mean like well you know well. Meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod I mean so like um uh you know well. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than so okay you know you know uh well well you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they so so well well um like um have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their okay I mean well well um like so competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster okay you know uh well like well like blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good you know like you know like you know okay so digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your uh so uh I mean um so well pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is well um you know I mean uh uh uh within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack so well okay so well I mean so everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you so um I mean I mean okay you know you know can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode you know okay I mean well like well you know is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to I mean like I mean like I mean you know like figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give okay uh okay well well you know so you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it well like you know well okay uh um from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like well um so um you know okay you know about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like um you know well okay so okay. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they like well I mean I mean uh uh well have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So you know so uh um okay uh uh if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts like okay like well um you know okay We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener so so I mean okay um uh okay discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about to well I mean uh so okay uh uh hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's uh uh so well like uh you know episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to well so you know well so uh uh give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle you know like I mean uh so you know I mean waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named so uh like uh uh well okay many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed like you know so like so um uh in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy you know okay so so um uh like on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm like like well I mean well um okay good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back um so um so well well okay was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to like uh well okay well I mean um train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you so I mean you know well you know I mean so I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you well so like um uh well okay see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well uh I mean uh well you know you know I mean I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon you know uh like so uh uh I mean as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using I mean so I mean um uh you know like this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going to you know like okay so like okay I mean improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good start First I mean like well I mean um I mean uh question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the okay like well um uh I mean you know melody our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have like so like uh you know you know well a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's so well okay uh you know you know okay your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm just well like you know okay so well so I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at well so um so you know so you know work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future okay so uh so so you know well and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop I mean um I mean I mean um I mean like star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today I mean okay you know uh um you know okay and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of well I mean uh well like well well today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today I mean well you know uh okay you know so. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was I mean you know um so well so okay found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's you know like like um I mean you know like go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what I mean so so well um like so a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and like okay so I mean okay you know like if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate uh well like uh well you know uh the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can so so well okay like you know well you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was I mean well I mean okay um I mean um just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of I mean I mean I mean um I mean uh I mean deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown and well okay um I mean like well so today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's the president um so okay um okay like like of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina amongst a uh uh okay okay so well like lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those other um okay um you know you know well okay things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but I mean you know so uh like like uh so I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host um so uh you know well I mean like Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to um like okay so okay I mean um go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter um well you know uh so like so 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling I mean like uh so you know um I mean all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little um I mean uh okay okay um uh bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way I mean well well like you know you know you know to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you uh I mean you know okay um um uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute okay well so you know well I mean like your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well uh well okay like like like many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's um like like um uh okay um everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or I mean okay so um okay uh well go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the so okay like um um okay okay game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court so so so um you know well well of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber I mean okay like I mean you know you know okay. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's okay well okay like I mean like um decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back you know I mean well okay well well uh to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard I mean okay you know okay so so like Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme um well so I mean uh so you know Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, okay so so okay okay you know uh 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush so uh so I mean like well you know on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day I mean you know um like um okay um but the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front I mean like um you know I mean okay like lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the I mean um well you know you know uh so northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly um so uh so um so you know formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, uh so okay you know like you know well they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation uh you know you know you know like uh so was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those you know okay so uh like um so of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of okay I mean okay I mean like uh so the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program well okay uh well you know so okay the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on but so you know okay okay like so like no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something okay okay um you know I mean I mean like to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you I mean well uh okay like uh I mean. So break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free well okay I mean um um you know uh anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They so uh okay um I mean uh um do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you know okay you know so uh uh like you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you uh okay you know I mean I mean um you know waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus after I mean okay um so like like okay healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets I mean I mean um uh you know like um up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be um I mean uh okay like like you know with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father uh you know uh uh so I mean so in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him um like uh um uh like okay and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while okay uh um uh so uh well I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere um okay like well like like um else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude you know like um uh um uh uh of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the uh okay uh okay you know um um father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking about programmatic advertising uh so you know you know so like you know. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for the session like you know uh uh well well um. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term so okay I mean okay you know okay uh. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated um uh like like so I mean like buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the you know you know okay um well so okay process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 like like I mean like well uh okay years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do like okay like like um I mean I mean you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, okay like um like well I mean well my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally got I mean uh I mean well like well like this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever uh you know so so you know you know like it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We have some issues got okay I mean so like uh okay uh on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got uh you know I mean um okay um okay some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate I mean well I mean so okay you know I mean your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I um like like well well I mean well suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all I mean um I mean okay well like uh sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article go. Hmm you know okay I mean well uh so I mean But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to say uh uh I mean so so um so Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about the so well I mean like um uh okay things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history well you know well like well like so of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, like you know I mean you know you know like um I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ um so like so um you know so Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number well well okay you know uh okay you know for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh so well well so um so so Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me you know so I mean um I mean I mean I mean on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of so uh um so okay uh well the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look okay um um um like um so over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited I mean so well um like I mean I mean because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real I mean uh okay you know I mean so like soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants well I mean okay well like okay I mean AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls so uh um um I mean so you know AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if um so like I mean I mean uh you know I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last okay like well uh uh like I mean week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast like you know I mean okay um like um with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you uh well um you know um well you know Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave I mean you know so okay well uh like. Hey them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down like so you know um well uh like the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one of the I mean well you know so uh well well Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of thousands quickly I mean so so you know you know you know you know turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for more um so so you know like like so shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March you know like well um you know so uh Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta like I mean like like like you know uh Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in the I mean um you know I mean well I mean well city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on um okay you know I mean like so uh stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division um um um um uh okay I mean two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do I mean like so I mean well um you know division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on um so like you know so like uh diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word okay well well so um you know so of the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent well okay well okay like uh you know mark over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning you know okay so like you know um uh of this word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like so um okay um like I mean like and is related to a handful of other common words in English, including you know well well you know you know like well habitual habituate and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to like well uh uh so I mean uh a place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries you know like well I mean okay okay uh habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement um uh I mean so you know okay I mean such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We um you know you know I mean so um so are discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm you know like so um well um like excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and um so okay okay uh I mean okay do our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon so you know well you know I mean uh I mean is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man uh so uh like well so I mean cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees okay uh um I mean okay I mean so like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot uh um um okay um uh like of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 you know like like you know okay uh you know at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at um you know okay like uh okay okay a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify um okay I mean um um uh well original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the like uh okay well well so uh transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from you know okay okay well okay well like Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's well so um uh uh okay okay topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this information like well like okay well you know uh on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's for information so um you know so well you know um purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from your um like so I mean um you know okay Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha like so uh well so uh well babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top you know like I mean like like well um. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush show so I mean okay okay okay um you know for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and so okay you know I mean uh you know so I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants like so um um I mean well uh we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for well okay um like like um like us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has well you know you know uh uh well like actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D like okay well so so so like. Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're you know like I mean like um so um here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and well um so um so you know you know have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very well um okay you know um like you know fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me like so uh like so you know well about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us you know well okay like well so I mean to speak about and so my question for you just to get right uh like well you know okay well like into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is so so uh uh um okay I mean my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and you know you know well you know I mean like like let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast um um so um well so well. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There okay so I mean like you know well you know are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone uh like you know well so you know um or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can you know you know okay I mean um like like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you um you know well uh uh you know um can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you uh I mean so so okay so you know need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood okay I mean so uh you know uh like and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a like uh well okay um so uh crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, well uh like like uh so um we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen so okay well you know um you know um to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So so okay well so you know like okay we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I you know um okay uh I mean okay you know get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now um well I mean okay um um I mean on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share well so um uh um okay I mean subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, like okay like you know uh um like which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you uh um okay okay you know well you know guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance um um uh okay um uh uh rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the so um I mean you know I mean uh uh end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It well okay uh you know I mean like I mean just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you okay well okay uh I mean I mean like will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome um okay you know well well well like to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so well you know um okay um well I mean taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a I mean like well like uh I mean well fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came so okay like um uh so okay to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World um you know so like I mean like um perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may you know well like like okay I mean okay do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of you know uh um you know well like well ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as uh I mean so well you know I mean um opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It like okay like well well so well was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I okay you know I mean okay okay well I mean really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to you know like I mean okay uh so like a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan uh so well uh I mean well um coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the uh so I mean well like um like outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in you know okay uh so like so uh Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small range Lucas well I mean so I mean I mean uh well is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell. If there uh um so you know okay you know uh is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels so like um I mean like so I mean are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is the movement I mean like like so you know uh well of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas. The like okay I mean uh well uh uh body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the concentration well well um um like I mean uh of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the like okay I mean you know uh um like liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen well well okay you know you know uh um glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use you know okay well I mean um like so this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This so I mean well so so I mean like is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin okay so like I mean you know you know uh show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy you know you know uh I mean um like I mean been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on well uh well well okay I mean like a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd share okay you know uh like well like I mean with you guys here as well just to note the first half there was I like well um um you know uh you know think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, well um so you know um okay uh but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast you know so like uh um you know okay is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA like um so you know like so okay en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of well okay so so like okay like March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the morning um okay well well I mean you know like. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank like so um um okay so like of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round of asset well um so um so uh you know purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the cash rates well um um well so okay I mean by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the right cut you know okay so you know you know like like with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly um uh well you know like okay I mean after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the Federal um so you know I mean well um okay Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is the first like uh well you know like so like emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a like so you know like so um uh Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the like you know you know uh like well so secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene well so like well uh well well stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the mid-2000s like I mean well you know uh okay I mean right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or I mean you know uh you know so uh okay comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess uh uh okay um uh well uh that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my personal you know I mean well you know um I mean like experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity I mean okay well um um so so case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do you know um um you know uh okay uh not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this like well um okay you know I mean um podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor so uh like uh well so you know then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host you know like okay like uh well so Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to so well uh well so like you know talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, um I mean uh well um well okay 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and it well uh well um I mean you know so wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early and well uh I mean okay you know like like then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and uh you know like um uh so well then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they um okay you know uh well um you know didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the so well uh uh well well I mean time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable so you know like I mean okay you know I mean in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot uh uh you know well I mean so okay of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter well okay well like okay um um including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone discretion uh you know um so um you know so is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about like like well uh um so uh sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to okay well well okay I mean uh um them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on so well you know so I mean so like a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was one okay uh uh okay well I mean well way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular well like well um okay like uh TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent Adam um um you know like okay so um Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has been so uh okay okay um well well canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third I mean like I mean well okay I mean um epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and finally I mean you know um like well like you know Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now I mean uh you know so I mean you know like valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't I mean well uh I mean well you know like complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got a so uh like um um you know like hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got three uh okay uh um um uh um quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue um so uh okay okay okay um dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie uh you know like well you know so like and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to so uh so um um um um call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of so well uh you know you know uh um view and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also you know okay uh so um uh like of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week so like um I mean um um you know we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just you know so like so like uh um like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen Turner like uh you know you know I mean you know okay was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of their well like so like so so you know Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the abduction and okay you know I mean um um I mean I mean forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs um like okay like like well well on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name is you know okay like uh okay well you know Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we run well okay you know you know I mean I mean like UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets of so okay I mean you know um I mean I mean a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have heard over I mean okay uh um okay uh uh the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are going I mean you know so well uh like so to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so if you've got so um well like uh well well any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the email well uh well um so well I mean address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I mean okay you know like I mean so okay I will start with my first two because these are the these are the uh uh um you know you know so I mean ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast uh um um like I mean you know I mean called three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three so um um I mean well okay like beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home you know so like um well like um whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this you know um okay well so uh so is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every I mean well okay you know uh uh so day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, uh um you know like um well uh I have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if like you know you know I mean so you know uh I send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this uh you know okay okay like uh well segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind uh you know I mean uh okay like okay. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were okay uh you know so okay uh so born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you know uh I mean well so like I mean you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth so okay uh um uh well so of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way um I mean you know okay okay okay well to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin I mean I mean um so so um so ups, but I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled you know uh like well um I mean like bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr so so uh well um you know um. D'andr Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we um so I mean uh so like I mean all know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah so you know I mean um like uh um big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy like okay okay so so well uh sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal you know okay like well well um like all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about you know uh like you know um I mean so celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on I mean I mean um you know um okay like the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each okay like I mean well um um um T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of a heroic like like uh well you know like so woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly okay like you know I mean uh so uh by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up in California and you know I mean like well like I mean okay a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping uh like I mean okay I mean um uh to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores uh okay I mean well um uh uh was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing like like so you know um I mean well to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not covet I mean uh like I mean you know well so thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything that uh like okay so like like so is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in um you know well uh so uh well part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to okay well you know okay like so well unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they well okay uh you know you know you know well had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external um okay I mean so you know I mean like act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed well like uh well like I mean like as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where uh so you know I mean like you know okay the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to I mean like like um um so uh the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict well um so um I mean so okay in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written like um okay you know like uh like by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990 um you know well well um uh okay. He is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG uh like uh I mean okay um well and Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, okay um I mean uh uh okay I mean let's talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her um uh like you know okay I mean well husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr um you know uh uh you know okay well. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that so like uh you know so uh uh you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the you know I mean um um you know well um reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I so I mean like well okay okay so wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I like okay like I mean so so so wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl okay uh like uh uh uh uh. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they like like um so well well okay have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have uh so okay I mean I mean I mean okay been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So okay so um okay okay um you know a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but you know well uh you know okay I mean you know I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi uh well okay I mean uh I mean um everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey so so like okay like um like everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move okay okay well I mean I mean so okay dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary so you know okay I mean um I mean you know Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this so okay okay uh um I mean so episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been well okay you know okay um I mean um responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson uh I mean so I mean well um uh. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back um like uh so well so um. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another I mean uh okay so well uh okay episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little um so I mean uh like well like bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm um uh well like I mean okay well Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going you know uh so well uh you know uh. Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast like you know I mean um um you know you know. Thanks. We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and uh so you know okay so well okay we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative like um like I mean uh um okay outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it well like um uh I mean I mean so and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for uh um like you know I mean like I mean the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where you know so well I mean so um I mean he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any um you know I mean okay um I mean um thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here okay so well okay well well um to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's uh well so uh um so um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools okay okay you know uh you know like you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay you know um like okay like so computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be you know well um you know I mean so okay heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with I mean I mean I mean you know okay uh like no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download um so uh um like okay so the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted okay you know like um like um uh to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to so okay okay so like uh I mean start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having I mean well you know uh like like um a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode um so um well you know okay well for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast okay like uh so so uh okay and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as uh um you know like I mean like you know I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record like so um uh so like uh host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell um okay I mean well I mean like you know phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership I mean um uh I mean okay okay well. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using um so so I mean okay uh well anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic I mean um well uh so I mean like. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater like well like so well uh okay cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's you know so um so so so uh / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream like um so you know okay like you know / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to so uh okay like well um well thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode so uh you know like well you know uh 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just I mean um you know okay I mean okay I mean so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of um okay you know okay uh you know okay you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and um like so like okay well okay today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You so okay so so um well like can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to get uh um like okay like um um started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex well um so well you know so like signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the okay okay uh so so well uh age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of you know like you know okay so like you know other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more like like well I mean okay I mean well fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to uh um so well like like so thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you like uh like so okay like well enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make like I mean um so so you know like podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so okay uh so uh so okay podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you well so um uh uh um like. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many like uh uh so so you know okay more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make um um okay like well like okay a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at um well well like like I mean well every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times well well well I mean like uh you know the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club I mean like like I mean uh okay uh. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over you know well so okay well okay um 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this I mean um uh um uh like like is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, I mean well okay you know you know like well and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode like I mean like I mean so so okay was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened um like like okay I mean I mean uh this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we you know well I mean I mean well um uh have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob okay I mean uh I mean okay um okay Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar uh okay so well um uh I mean purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast well um well you know well well uh for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money you know so uh so okay you know so Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts so okay uh uh um so well as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm like like so uh you know um so in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that I mean I mean okay so I mean okay okay when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start okay like okay uh like um um running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I um so uh uh well um okay don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We like you know so you know um I mean well believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further you know so um okay I mean okay so than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live uh like like so you know so I mean this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as we so well um um so um like kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined so uh I mean okay okay um okay enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life I mean like okay uh so you know okay. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild um I mean like well so I mean so into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on uh well uh okay you know okay uh the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries um uh well I mean okay well so websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal uh uh like so like so like relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion okay well okay okay okay uh so matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through well you know like like okay like well 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people so I mean I mean you know uh so so wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and you know like well I mean uh I mean so the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys you know well so like well okay um know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about um um well like you know okay um anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation okay you know uh uh um uh okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh I mean okay okay so you know I mean computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins like well like so like you know I mean will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify well I mean I mean you know so you know uh Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no uh so well you know you know um I mean minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in okay so like so okay well well one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh uh you know uh I mean like like get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a uh well you know well I mean like well treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content okay well I mean okay well okay uh the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on okay well okay um okay okay I mean the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor I mean so so like I mean okay um and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for uh uh I mean you know like okay like. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host you know I mean I mean well well you know okay Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a um you know okay um okay so well mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard um like I mean you know okay um uh it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I um well so okay so you know well created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways like um um I mean well like I mean to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of okay you know so like uh like so it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes okay uh so okay uh so you know after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes I mean you know so like you know okay okay and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't so um well you know um okay um somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called so so um um you know I mean so basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to um I mean I mean so you know well so add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a uh well um well um so so column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that you know so uh uh okay I mean you know is you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the uh so you know uh you know like like paper. You were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you uh like well um uh like um follow them. So you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the well I mean well um okay okay okay fact that you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you so uh um you know so like you know weren't taught that in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or well like so uh I mean like so follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners well so um you know okay like uh may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The I mean so well um okay uh I mean small wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated um uh you know I mean you know okay okay from within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds so I mean I mean uh okay I mean I mean was in labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who um so you know well okay so um lived nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of well you know uh so I mean I mean I mean eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide you know uh um so um I mean um for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The like I mean so well you know um well world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother um okay so you know okay okay well since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story so you know uh well you know I mean okay right last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom uh I mean like like okay uh um asked me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a um well okay so okay you know um very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast um uh like okay you know okay uh bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 uh so okay I mean so okay so 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for well well well um uh you know you know all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot uh um like uh so uh like of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going okay uh um I mean okay so like to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready so uh you know well well like okay to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a like uh I mean you know like well you know had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some so you know well I mean so like okay you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had I mean uh like well uh so like someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They um um you know okay um uh like wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into RN uh uh uh I mean well you know you know school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode you know uh like like well I mean you know 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do I mean you know okay you know okay so well that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and okay um uh I mean well you know okay I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So well you know well well well so like I'm Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm uh so so like like so you know I would classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging so you know well um um uh uh artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm uh like like so well uh um. Yes, so I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and um you know you know uh well uh you know and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading so I mean like you know okay I mean you know cards podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in uh okay like so like well I mean today. First off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and well okay uh you know so um you know World. It has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up so well uh um um so like and a lot of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All like I mean I mean like well um okay those cards have gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you I mean okay well uh uh like um because I think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was um so you know um like um well talking about how Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going um well so um um so okay for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have I mean okay like okay uh you know like been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host you know so well I mean um um well any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now I mean so okay um uh uh um dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g so well well I mean you know so well hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got well I mean you know so okay well well Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast with well you know um well well well uh the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until eternity you know well like okay well um you know now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm I mean um I mean well well okay so playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron well uh um you know I mean um you know and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners okay I mean you know uh I mean okay like before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our like so um well well um uh sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast so um um so so like you know. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation well uh so like okay I mean like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and I mean um so like you know um well computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard okay uh like like well so I mean. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your well uh uh you know well okay okay podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in uh okay um like well like well one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um um um so uh like like get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we well um um um okay uh uh definitely just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us uh you know well so like well uh so much love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to like uh okay so uh like I mean talk about today's topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I well um um I mean um um I mean asking like what in the world does not even know like what is well like you know well well I mean you know my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I well uh okay um I mean like like feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one like well like well okay you know you know way which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you like well I mean uh um you know so do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and like uh well like okay so uh insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints uh well uh I mean so I mean so. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is okay you know uh like okay like you know sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast okay you know you know uh you know uh um. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is like I mean like okay okay uh I mean free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record well I mean okay I mean you know okay uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also okay uh I mean I mean um so um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast I mean uh so um I mean you know you know and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all well um um well I mean well uh in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get well uh so well um well you know started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going well well so I mean um like I mean through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be I mean you know like you know um you know well laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You I mean so um so okay you know uh can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want um I mean you know well I mean you know so to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall well you know um okay uh I mean um if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair so okay okay um so so well have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So so uh okay you know uh um um once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want so so like so um like uh you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV well uh like I mean well uh well top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me uh I mean um like like okay uh after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of well you know okay uh okay like um War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so I mean so well so I mean well like real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor you know I mean I mean uh I mean um uh grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We so well so like okay um um have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon um you know you know so I mean so uh a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today so you know okay so you know um uh. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm well uh I mean okay uh like um in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of so you know you know well well so well this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy um you know you know so I mean um well chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and okay um uh so you know you know well today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so well so so you know um well so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most uh so I mean you know okay so like loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick well I mean okay so well okay like learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows uh like like okay okay I mean well. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also um uh uh um you know I mean like lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my uh okay you know you know so so um section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep you know well um um okay okay um it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that okay you know um you know I mean uh well real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't okay well um okay I mean so you know like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you uh like I mean you know so you know well always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with okay uh um well okay I mean uh Sean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through well so well well so like okay we are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people you know so so I mean uh um you know to clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what uh um uh um well uh you know Their Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what you know okay like uh like I mean um ours are and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, okay um so well like um okay if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform I mean I mean so okay uh like I mean you're listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as you know you know like well you know okay you know well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? like well uh uh I mean I mean uh I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been uh uh well I mean like um I mean a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded well you know I mean uh you know um like this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is I mean okay like I mean well um like actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your like I mean okay okay um like like episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier I mean like okay I mean like okay so this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this Gus could I mean uh like I mean like so you know make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record the actual episode you know like well so I mean I mean so. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without the guest even okay you know uh um so you know well being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before well I mean like you know well um uh the guest shows up this last step the set this guess we didn't have okay um like um I mean so well time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting you know okay um I mean well so um service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to like you know so um like well okay Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast um uh like well well like okay. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that I mean uh um you know okay like like. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back okay well okay well I mean so like when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know you know okay I mean uh okay I mean I mean how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the like like you know you know so um you know hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up um uh like uh okay you know okay with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go to so um um well so so like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on well I mean uh okay I mean um like the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle I mean like I mean well well like okay Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if okay um okay well uh uh you know you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short well well I mean okay well well okay favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written like well so well like um uh and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truthcom well um um okay you know so okay. Books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and well well I mean like so uh so you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released you know well you know you know like um I mean and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's so you know so okay um uh um get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome like uh so I mean okay well like to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get uh okay you know so um uh you know to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be you know you know um you know you know um you know on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm okay so okay well uh you know uh trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going um like uh okay okay you know like to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is uh I mean well so okay okay so fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And like I mean you know um so you know okay now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode so you know uh so okay so I mean of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer well um well like like okay so Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode you know so so like um well well. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually like I mean well like so like uh been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because uh uh I mean well well so you know we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice I mean well you know so like like like little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one well I mean you know I mean uh okay so like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I okay like okay well you know okay uh love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in like I mean um like I mean uh I mean the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a so you know I mean so okay well okay lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, okay um I mean um so okay uh and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class well I mean like um um uh um is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide you know well I mean um uh um okay. This is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you well you know you know okay uh so um the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests like so okay um you know okay okay writing me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the well you know uh so well like so hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a so so well you know well well um sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus I mean okay I mean well uh you know well. I'm on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an uh like so um I mean okay well admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago so uh you know okay I mean um I mean. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my well like um so you know I mean so friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is uh I mean like I mean you know um I mean Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard you know I mean well like um you know um for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey um well like um you know uh um. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could well okay um I mean um okay you know have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go okay you know well well okay well so any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of I mean you know like okay uh I mean um our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that uh uh well okay so so uh America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your like like um okay I mean you know uh personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual I mean like you know uh so you know I mean who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen uh you know well I mean like okay like and he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission I mean you know uh um you know okay I mean of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need you know uh you know okay okay I mean okay to live with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said um um um I mean so I mean uh it would in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central okay well well uh so well like to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to um you know I mean you know uh like so make promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at well so like so so okay uh Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or well um um well well uh so something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I you know um well okay so uh uh guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that okay um um uh I mean like I mean I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little okay so so uh I mean uh well bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me like um you know okay okay like you know. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards I mean you know I mean you know so uh um the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following you know uh well I mean you know um okay it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the well um okay okay like so you know disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came and like okay like like um okay like stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for uh so uh I mean I mean like I mean Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick um uh um you know um like so Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a um uh okay okay well you know uh loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used to okay like like uh okay um you know last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a uh um okay you know like I mean well turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of well well I mean so uh um okay wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of so you know I mean so uh well I mean philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through I mean so uh you know um I mean okay this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief you know you know I mean uh you know so I mean got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working of natural so you know okay well well I mean okay causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to you know like you know okay you know you know like do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability you know like uh like like um I mean to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body well you know I mean uh so you know I mean of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our okay I mean um uh like okay you know guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with uh so like like I mean I mean uh his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help okay I mean so like well okay I mean people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week um well well uh um uh like. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, you know I mean uh uh um uh I mean but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do you know so like so uh okay uh with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she um um like you know so okay like just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been um well okay you know well like uh watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a um well like you know like uh I mean fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the so like um uh well like you know past two days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron uh so okay like uh um I mean and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just like I mean like um uh so you know spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I like I mean so okay okay um okay do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's well well you know well so uh like very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very uh like like like um I mean uh much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee um like you know well I mean okay like with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the okay okay so so uh so um session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the well uh um I mean so okay um coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance I mean okay uh um well uh like and where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough um like uh um um uh so on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference uh um um okay well you know I mean. So we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar so like okay like uh I mean okay called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think you know um uh I mean well I mean uh I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of uh well so you know so well okay your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals you know so you know okay well uh okay to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment so well well so well like well team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment like so I mean okay well uh well ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster like um um like you know well I mean University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is okay I mean uh I mean uh okay like undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you you know uh I mean so so so so about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to uh uh uh well uh uh like make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's um well okay I mean well I mean like free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and uh well well like uh you know uh edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute you know you know I mean you know like so well your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or uh um you know like you know I mean you know any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your well well um um so like you know podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a so um like you know well I mean okay podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out you know uh so okay um you know I mean anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So do okay I mean like I mean uh okay like it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk uh like you know well I mean so so about that for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad uh okay I mean like I mean um uh. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and then like uh well uh like I mean um we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry uh I mean so so like um well Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name well well uh so uh um okay Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that I mean uh so um well okay uh this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters um like like so you know like okay 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I so uh well okay okay like okay can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny um okay I mean so I mean okay like. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell so um uh like I mean so you know yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah like um okay uh uh so um do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is okay well you know well uh okay like Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We um uh okay I mean I mean so okay completed the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you so uh I mean I mean uh you know like fall in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to like um okay um you know well well take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here you know so okay um so so so we are back for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give so I mean like so well well so a little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are well uh you know so I mean well well getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets okay I mean well okay well you know uh. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh um okay um okay uh you know uh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I uh um okay you know you know I mean uh don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it sounds okay I mean I mean so uh uh you know like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the so uh uh so you know like so lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is okay so well so I mean uh okay that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real uh um uh I mean well uh you know clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is well you know so so okay well I mean Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners voted okay okay so you know um so um Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the pitch um well well like you know okay uh room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the so you know uh you know okay so like likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch like okay like you know well okay okay sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the okay I mean okay like well um okay founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn you know um well uh you know um so into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all well okay like so so okay you know you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet so like I mean like um like well. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built you know well um okay uh you know so to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join um like well I mean well like I mean with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win so um you know like okay like so and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have I mean you know so um uh um you know you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be so so like you know I mean okay uh here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's you know I mean okay um okay well so pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely you know like so well like uh well sometimes but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level um you know well I mean uh okay so who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on so like um you know so well like Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day so um um uh um like like Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a okay so I mean I mean like I mean I mean great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How well I mean like well like so I mean are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a you know like you know you know I mean well I mean win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo like um so okay so like um yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been I mean so um so I mean uh you know very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one you know well you know so so uh okay can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would you know you know you know um like I mean well say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able uh um um you know you know okay like to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I I mean uh okay uh I mean like like also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it I mean okay uh okay so um so does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like so um like well um okay I mean I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your host like okay so uh like uh okay for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to I mean well like like so uh okay renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is so okay well I mean you know so like taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest day of um I mean so I mean um well well the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is well you know so I mean well so like thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus I mean um okay uh well okay um Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday mornings. There's well okay you know so well like um no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he likes to get okay well um I mean like um I mean up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our I mean you know um so I mean I mean okay guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to resonate with so I mean I mean well um well you know okay many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the so okay okay you know you know okay like way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her okay well uh I mean uh uh um pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast um uh okay like I mean you know okay. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode um like like um I mean I mean like people need to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They you know well okay well well so uh need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have taken okay um I mean I mean okay uh okay place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about well I mean well well I mean um like anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest so uh I mean you know um um you know way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools I mean okay uh you know like I mean you know that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like so like so you know like so phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast so so like you know okay like you know for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many like well uh you know so like uh more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't so well well um okay I mean so If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to okay so um uh you know well I mean get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you uh you know so you know so I mean uh guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and like so like you know like um uh it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I like like um okay um I mean um guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or um like well uh uh uh uh at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the um uh okay so like well like music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah so I mean okay um so you know uh. Yeah do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this okay I mean you know I mean um okay I mean is where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce um so well uh like uh um the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have you know okay like um I mean so I mean a guest today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now I mean like like okay so uh I mean and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay you know like okay you know like. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit well uh um um so so like your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast okay like well well I mean okay you know for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you uh well okay uh you know um well can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to like I mean like um well um well make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning so uh so well so I mean I mean handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to well um well um uh like so the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you so you know uh um uh okay you know all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes I mean like I mean um like um like. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be I mean well so like you know so okay back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so you know okay okay um um um so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting I mean uh well um like uh well suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics uh um well well well um I mean you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending um um okay you know I mean I mean uh suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please um uh okay like okay so uh don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It like uh I mean I mean um well okay was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy. So um uh um like um you know well their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with great ideas um you know well well like uh so. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless uh I mean okay well okay like well efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic so so uh uh well you know you know plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the okay you know like um okay you know I mean problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put so like like I mean well um okay extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, uh uh well I mean so okay so it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm gonna uh so like so well so uh ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do you think so you know I mean you know so well um the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill okay I mean I mean you know you know so so you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, uh well okay so well like um you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth okay like like so well uh um is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He I mean uh I mean like you know so like said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's uh I mean well so so you know you know the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been so so you know you know you know so um a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built like well well you know okay okay well a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie I mean you know you know okay okay okay okay Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do um uh well so I mean well you know you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, uh well like um like I mean so it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had um well okay I mean like like so girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing like like well I mean well like I mean gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings uh okay I mean well I mean well okay at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways of well well like like like like okay getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an uh well um uh um uh well EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, okay I mean um I mean uh uh well you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a you know um I mean uh well um so copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank I mean so well uh so I mean like you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to okay uh like you know I mean uh um send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's well you know you know okay you know well I mean again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite like so so you know um um uh the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing um um uh okay uh you know I mean in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New I mean I mean well um you know okay you know York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on you know like well uh you know um uh the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught like um so you know you know okay okay up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode I mean uh I mean you know you know so well 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So um so so uh well like uh these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I well so so uh I mean like you know met them in college and we're all very different people but we get um you know uh I mean well uh I mean along like great and the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were okay I mean you know you know so um uh all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very well okay you know so um so so close friends. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is um you know so um I mean well so. So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background so so like uh um so I mean how which like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew well I mean okay you know uh uh you know up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster well okay so so I mean you know um. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I I mean uh um um um okay I mean made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've I mean um like so uh I mean uh explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were looking I mean you know okay uh like you know well at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like uh you know like so so okay like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people uh um you know uh uh like well this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
