6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start like okay well you know um um like okay brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too well you know uh I mean uh you know uh like hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from well I mean okay I mean like so so you know history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful so I mean um like um you know um okay female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia I mean well well you know so so I mean uh called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the well like I mean uh like like uh like cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real well uh well I mean uh like well okay good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts I mean uh uh like you know okay like okay. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the okay you know so well uh I mean okay okay phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation um like I mean um so uh okay I mean for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know uh well um I mean you know I mean uh I mean Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, uh you know uh so um uh you know uh but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I okay I mean you know like you know I mean uh uh correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true um you know I mean well so like okay okay Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle I mean so I mean uh I mean like like you know of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are so well uh um uh like so uh Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the um well well so um you know like you know parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were I mean okay um uh uh uh I mean so really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two well you know uh like like um I mean so thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast so uh well okay so I mean you know uh been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op um so I mean well you know uh uh okay view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're like okay like I mean well well I mean okay not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In okay okay I mean uh uh I mean so okay a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down you know um okay like okay okay well okay the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to you know like well okay um um well like April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two you know uh well so well so uh I mean games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or so uh uh I mean well I mean you know you know opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with um you know uh um uh I mean um so a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking uh okay uh well well okay um um sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special I mean like I mean you know okay okay uh I mean. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals okay um like well uh you know well well of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the podcast so you know well well so um well you know where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason um like so I mean like uh okay so he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little bit. We so I mean you know you know so I mean well I mean are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling um like you know uh I mean uh I mean okay with pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this you know you know uh uh okay so like so episode is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get I mean uh okay um okay um well um a call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop okay so uh well okay you know um so what we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So uh uh so well well uh I mean you know you guys are swept that is this If is this the quad point is this you know I mean you know like I mean so I mean okay or we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the you know um um you know I mean like uh well makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just uh um so uh um uh well well a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been okay I mean uh you know like well so um nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough um um like like well you know you know like signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured like uh well well I mean well um I mean walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration okay okay well um um like okay like work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do well I mean well okay I mean well like uh nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge like I mean okay uh okay uh so I mean advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's you know I mean you know uh okay you know so I mean like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed okay like like uh well you know so you know raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many good. Good commercial grade I mean you know well like uh um I mean you know Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw uh so okay you know okay well uh okay e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and you like um like I mean so so okay well can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on training, well um uh uh well like um like but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a okay okay um you know you know like I mean well pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies uh so I mean so you know so I mean okay and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but I mean okay like uh so uh well you know beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen um I mean you know you know okay like well uh Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone who well uh um um um um well I mean is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium so so well so um so um okay. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying to you know so so you know I mean well okay you know think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a so you know so okay well well um like wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's okay uh uh well okay like okay like because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water you know uh okay uh well you know okay like pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start uh uh you know well uh um so um this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just uh um so well okay like okay okay started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah okay okay uh okay like so I mean I mean. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode uh I mean okay so I mean uh okay so includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive I mean I mean well okay well um um okay. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a you know um um you know I mean you know uh okay good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming um okay I mean okay so I mean um like rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with uh I mean I mean um uh you know um you know oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler like um okay so uh okay I mean well stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as um you know well you know so I mean I mean um his gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath like like you know like you know uh um you know the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this okay so uh well like okay well uh episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge uh you know so uh you know so so um part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're well like you know so like okay um like actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how like uh okay I mean so like well like adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood um well okay you know so okay you know like. We are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these you know uh um I mean okay well you know so sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have uh you know well um so well okay so heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and so like so uh um uh so you know let you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow um well okay um okay well um you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest you know like well uh like uh like okay friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel um like you know so uh you know well I mean better and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a you know okay uh uh I mean so okay uh podcast where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey so um like you know you know well well okay of going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll like I mean so um like like you know okay around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for you know like I mean well okay um so um six years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to um okay okay like like so I mean uh go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind um like I mean okay well so I mean I mean of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life well you know like uh so so so so. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told well like well um uh I mean so like I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the um um I mean I mean so you know um you know Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful so uh well I mean you know well I mean I mean enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it well I mean okay uh like uh uh uh the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in okay um I mean uh like uh uh so this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next okay um okay uh you know like I mean so podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active uh like okay well I mean uh well you know Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark so so well uh okay well you know well on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a like you know uh okay like um I mean so total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial well you know like um you know like I mean okay actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything um uh like like um okay I mean I mean to do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to um um okay so like uh um uh unplug a podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers so you know I mean so um uh you know well and their life and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So like um you know uh um okay um so make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola okay okay so okay like like you know I mean with three-eighths of the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting like like you know uh I mean so like well every week. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always okay you know I mean you know I mean like like uh come back. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video um like like okay well like um well this episode to your friends your family to anyone who has a need to listen so so you know well well uh okay um send it to them and I'll be more than happy to send you a like okay um okay uh uh I mean okay gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome I mean well um uh okay you know I mean um back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know I mean you know uh so like well well so podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about so okay okay uh like like well okay giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I uh so well you know uh like uh like think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are well you know uh well so I mean well you know imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single you know like I mean okay so I mean uh I mean person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like uh like you know so um you know okay um they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really so so well so I mean like well you know focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like like okay okay well you know like you know um seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast okay you know I mean so so so okay um. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app okay um like um so okay like uh that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an you know uh you know um well okay well I mean idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need you know like so you know like I mean um like including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or okay well like so I mean I mean well well computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM well okay uh um I mean okay I mean um to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do I mean uh well you know okay so um so in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this um you know you know I mean like well okay so is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with uh so I mean uh uh you know so I mean only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your so uh so I mean so like well um morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the okay um um so so so um um cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia you know like well well I mean you know you know I mean schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by okay like uh like well okay okay um Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank well um well um so well okay uh you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off the Earth. What I mean so um okay uh okay okay uh is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you I mean you know uh I mean so you know like so say cuz I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see you know well well you know um like well um Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some you know uh so okay I mean you know uh I mean things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and well okay like okay I mean like like uh be a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your like so like um I mean um um well mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while um you know like well okay I mean like so you're at home. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for like I mean like so you know well well okay work and you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't um like uh I mean so uh I mean you know have to do it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you you know uh okay okay um um okay okay publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to okay um I mean I mean well so um um and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for like like um like um so you know like Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth I mean okay um I mean okay uh I mean you know on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk about you know well I mean uh so uh like like heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and you know um so I mean like um so like Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen so um uh like well I mean I mean well Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago uh so I mean okay okay you know I mean well. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark I mean um I mean I mean so okay well you know and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she you know so well uh well you know you know like couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we you know you know like um uh you know I mean like need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes um okay you know um uh so well like that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have I mean so okay uh I mean like uh well we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because you know um well uh um well well um It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it so okay you know well uh so um so. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the I mean uh you know you know I mean well okay I mean the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March okay um um well you know okay I mean so 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games so so um you know okay like I mean okay and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and I mean so you know I mean okay okay well like satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice um like uh okay um okay um like. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change I mean okay okay well like so well um the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase um I mean okay so I mean uh I mean well Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out well you know um I mean uh so um okay to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again so like like so uh like so you know for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber uh well like um I mean so well okay the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he like uh um like um like so uh rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of okay I mean okay uh uh like like you know rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a like I mean um well I mean okay okay okay prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have you know um I mean well you know you know okay um an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood so so so uh uh okay you know so will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured uh well well okay uh you know you know well by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his sin I mean um so uh like uh uh uh had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you um well like well I mean uh I mean so so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope I mean so okay like I mean I mean okay uh you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast uh well okay you know like you know you know well that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying I mean so well um okay so uh you know to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories okay um like well you know well I mean okay going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be like uh you know okay you know well so okay doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to like so like like so you know um I mean Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us you know well well um well like like so past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the like like you know um you know um uh well right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's uh well okay okay okay like uh so something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how uh um uh okay uh like well uh to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you okay I mean you know you know so well you know you know can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the okay like uh uh I mean I mean I mean um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation like you know I mean I mean you know okay so uh tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your well okay you know okay well okay um I mean phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so I mean I mean okay well so um um so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service I mean so um you know so uh I mean well you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership I mean like uh I mean I mean well okay so and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on um um um well um like okay uh their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot like um okay okay well uh you know uh f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks um I mean uh um I mean you know I mean okay and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we like um I mean um uh well well okay out here recording just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we so well you know well like uh I mean well decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My my well you know well well I mean like um um guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City you know um like well um uh you know uh Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to well like you know uh okay okay you know okay win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals you know well um so well I mean uh so and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's um you know okay you know okay I mean um well segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show. Hit well I mean um you know okay so I mean uh when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But you know you know like okay um um so I mean before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just um okay well you know okay like so well going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and I um like you know okay okay well you know you know will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and the okay okay um you know uh well like uh Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick well like uh well I mean so okay like minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's well well okay so uh well well you know the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's free well well I mean okay uh okay um like. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right well okay uh well uh so okay um from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so like I mean uh you know okay uh like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also I mean like um like uh okay uh like make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you um uh okay I mean um I mean I mean um guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the okay I mean so you know okay okay like so free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to so you know like so I mean okay um um the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen okay okay I mean well so well so um to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without well so uh so like so um okay a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you know okay uh okay so so like like you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can okay I mean uh okay okay like uh you know download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're so okay you know um um well um uh listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done um okay well I mean like you know so I mean so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health you know so okay so well like like um daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to um okay um I mean you know um so so follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal well like like okay well so I mean you know Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by um well so like I mean I mean I mean I mean John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find your most I mean so okay like well like well okay comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I like um well well um so well uh get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this so I mean like you know uh uh I mean I mean opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have okay uh okay okay um I mean like well theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't uh well okay I mean so you know I mean you know stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey uh well you know I mean uh um like uh. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers you know uh so you know um you know okay so. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello uh so well so um well I mean so and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going okay like um um like like so like to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I well so well you know uh um uh um am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who uh you know I mean you know okay I mean well well has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow like uh so so I mean so so you know me at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she was you know okay well um um well like well guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it you know like like so well uh you know well. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be I mean um okay I mean um you know well uh brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally okay uh well uh I mean I mean um so happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to you know um uh well um like you know so do with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind uh you know like okay you know um uh okay of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us well uh I mean well you know um like uh and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor like I mean so well so I mean I mean you know dot f m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's you know like like like okay I mean you know I mean got creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so I mean I mean well so uh uh well phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can so uh uh I mean um okay well uh be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make so uh you know well um well well um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners you know I mean uh well um I mean okay I mean a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that so um I mean uh okay I mean I mean I mean and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay okay you know I mean uh I mean you know like okay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's well well okay uh I mean okay so okay everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free you know okay you know I mean you know uh so like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one um like like well so like like okay Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s um uh you know uh um okay you know like baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters well uh you know you know I mean I mean so you know were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique well like well well like I mean like you know beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies so um I mean so you know I mean I mean you know in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know send uh well um okay uh I mean I mean you know me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that from Krista, um okay like I mean um um so you know so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure you give well you know like I mean uh well uh um me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have well I mean I mean I mean you know you know I mean uh TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have random Koozies so uh okay so um like well well from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's um so you know so so well uh you know fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even well I mean well um so uh you know well like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we went well like like I mean I mean like okay okay to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies so okay like well so like well you know and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and you know like like I mean like so um okay we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with I mean well so okay you know you know uh uh well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where okay well well uh I mean uh you know like you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and you know um uh like okay I mean so like this is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of like uh okay you know like uh um um just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what um um so I mean okay so okay I mean we want this to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So I mean so you know um okay um well you know why should you listen to me? So we thought this would be a good like okay you know well okay well okay well introduction to kind of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what so you know okay well like you know I mean okay our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God well like so well like you know okay so. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing so well uh you know okay you know well okay experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go first because you know so okay okay you know you know so uh I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as okay so okay you know I mean like okay um polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga one like like um um like okay so so issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will uh like you know okay so well like I mean we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said like well well well well like um I mean this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How you know um I mean well I mean okay so so long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on the drag okay well well I mean well like I mean so come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey uh um so um you know so you know okay Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at okay um I mean um like uh I mean I mean this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know I mean you know I mean um um like um uh what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the so well well so well um so uh U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott uh okay well uh like you know you know I mean Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of um well uh you know uh I mean well I mean a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend well okay well I mean so like so I mean. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed okay um I mean okay okay so I mean you know ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're I mean uh well well you know okay like okay about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up I mean so well uh you know so um okay in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my uh so you know okay I mean okay you know so alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like okay so I mean well okay like so so a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like I mean like uh you know I mean I mean well so it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal so uh well uh well um like you know. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good uh okay I mean okay okay um well well for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to um I mean well well um like you know well give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all so I mean uh um so like I mean well of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account um like you know okay you know okay I mean okay necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're okay like you know you know um okay so you know listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an well um like I mean well I mean okay you know episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are you know I mean so um you know okay well okay a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you um you know I mean I mean uh I mean um you know are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app um I mean uh you know um like okay um search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and so you know well like um okay like um give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's so well uh I mean okay um uh I mean see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode you know like um uh you know um well so 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal uh well you know so well okay so I mean trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in okay well okay like um um I mean I mean this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, I mean okay I mean okay well um okay uh essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're okay you know okay like like like um well building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael okay well like like so you know uh uh. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one okay I mean like you know you know I mean okay you know minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit like I mean well so so like so so of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and I mean uh okay so uh so okay uh regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it um okay like okay like uh you know um up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll you know so uh like I mean I mean uh like say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's I mean uh well well I mean well you know I mean all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got I mean like um you know okay you know well well. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically like well okay okay okay you know um uh for the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were uh you know so you know well you know so um 19 episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music well you know you know okay you know like um I mean. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient. Timothy I mean uh I mean you know I mean well um you know Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in like like well I mean okay so like uh the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to you know uh you know like uh you know um uh today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature well you know uh like well okay uh uh of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners well you know okay I mean like you know so I mean under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers okay like you know you know um well okay okay who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's well okay like so I mean um uh okay I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to Bluestone you know I mean um so so well like well College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the internet and uh okay like like so so I mean you know amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So very uh okay okay you know like you know so you know very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that uh I mean so you know uh like um um I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to give uh okay like like well well so so a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running a little um so uh like like well well I mean bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and sends um um like you know so so uh you know me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win a I mean you know uh um I mean uh well you know little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual like so you know so well like so I mean Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I I mean like uh okay so like like okay am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you you know um so like I mean like so so find your light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of like so um like like you know like well spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a uh so okay like you know you know so well soul having a human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin okay I mean uh so okay I mean like okay Sea of Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura okay okay you know I mean um you know you know um room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a month since my um okay uh well okay okay you know I mean last episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know that like okay uh I mean so uh so uh I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement on um you know well well so um you know like my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt I mean okay I mean um you know well uh like. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic you know like um I mean I mean I mean uh um cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the ram in um you know well uh uh like so so the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a uh so uh um so you know you know I mean Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a okay well uh I mean I mean okay you know uh BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm like I mean you know uh like um okay okay a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire spending well like like I mean so uh well like money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin okay uh okay well well well uh uh billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like like like you know uh well uh okay so a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my I mean like I mean uh I mean I mean okay like mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we just like you know uh so um so um well say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some you know uh you know uh you know like you know uh atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in this uh I mean well you know I mean uh I mean like ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good well um well uh like you know um so escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you so like um well so well so so see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I mean um so I mean uh you know like well I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips you know I mean uh well uh I mean okay well and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity well like um uh uh okay I mean okay in the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to you know you know uh well um well I mean um stand tall. Today I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling like uh uh so well uh I mean I mean and made it my Korean Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for so so like you know you know uh so uh being here and listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had like I mean like okay uh um like you know been thinking about doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, I mean I mean I mean okay well like like you know but I just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my um so well uh well I mean you know I mean bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if um I mean you know you know so so I mean okay you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our so well you know okay okay I mean okay okay podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break it you know uh so um you know like like so down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you have to pay I mean I mean I mean so okay okay uh like for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that you can you know well um uh okay so like like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically well I mean okay you know uh uh so okay distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify uh I mean uh okay like so okay uh Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from um so like like um um I mean so your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, um well so so you know well um I mean which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast you know uh you know you know you know so you know you know all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to okay so um so I mean like well uh Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a um so okay like okay I mean well um box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay like okay so so I mean okay like I mean. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a you know you know okay so like you know well I mean hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's well well um you know you know so uh uh under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick like okay like uh uh you know like like up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle killed so like you know uh um okay well um someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back so um you know so you know like okay like to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have you know um um so uh okay you know um had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus I mean like um so okay okay uh you know of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear um like uh you know you know like you know well more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates okay I mean so okay well um um okay. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today um like like so I mean like well you know in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it well uh uh well uh I mean I mean okay that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain okay okay okay okay like uh so I mean any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the I mean you know I mean I mean uh you know you know okay stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas so you know like okay you know um um I mean. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for I mean okay like like uh okay okay um three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees like okay like so uh uh you know um from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have well like you know I mean okay you know um like finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't so so like I mean I mean you know like uh think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon I mean uh um okay like I mean so so. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of like um you know uh um uh okay you know Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was well uh uh uh I mean I mean you know so just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad so so so so okay so you know so Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make well you know I mean uh uh uh uh I mean this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode well um okay like so so um like of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So um so like okay you know I mean um okay today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be um you know okay I mean um so uh you know joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior I mean you know I mean uh okay so you know okay at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever um I mean so like so so I mean so I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it like so like you know well so okay okay and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about so you know uh well so you know you know you know anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's so okay I mean uh um like I mean well actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation okay I mean well well okay I mean um um tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean you know you know um so um like um your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we do like I mean so you know like well well like it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so um well well okay um I mean so can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and you know okay well so I mean so well like you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's well like um um okay you know so um everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download like okay I mean uh uh um I mean like the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And okay okay uh well um uh I mean so now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell uh like so I mean well well like like you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what um okay well I mean so so so okay you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts um you know I mean you know okay okay well like another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, you know well you know well so like uh uh it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another like I mean uh I mean well so you know well episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain so so so uh well so well um about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, you know like well you know um like like so let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? you know um okay so so so well well You know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro you know so um well okay like uh like. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to talk so you know uh well uh uh you know you know about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, like well I mean okay like I mean okay like this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of you know I mean okay I mean I mean okay uh like those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that um like so well well I mean so you know we're going to get into but I know that it was a good movie like you know okay you know um I mean okay like because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute well like um you know so um like so. There's a lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into uh so um well well so so um it or my okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go well I mean you know well well okay like well. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry um like I mean so like okay um okay sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys you know well okay uh okay like um uh quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and well like you know you know okay you know uh uh podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and like you know uh so like so um you know that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little I mean I mean um I mean well okay um like bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you uh well uh okay so like so okay never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends uh so okay so like well like I mean on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline um you know um okay well well you know okay wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too you know well I mean so okay okay like okay many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't um I mean I mean like uh okay you know you know done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse I mean um so uh uh okay well like podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there like you know well okay okay I mean I mean okay. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's so you know well I mean uh okay okay okay get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice I mean like you know uh well I mean you know well the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding well like uh okay okay okay okay so out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort um I mean okay um well you know like like of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real like well so okay okay you know so okay nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and okay like well I mean well like like I mean side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor okay well you know like um okay um well it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free uh like okay okay um uh um well and everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I you know well so um well well I mean so love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit well uh so you know okay I mean so well your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your I mean I mean you know you know well like so like podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so so okay um I mean um okay okay well that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your like like um well so I mean you know well own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one so like I mean you know you know so uh uh place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- well um you know I mean well uh um like to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for so okay you know you know well uh um so C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards well uh well like like I mean um um Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget to well well I mean okay like I mean you know well hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back in today's um uh you know so like I mean okay okay episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking I mean okay okay uh well like um well paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about like um well um well you know like you know the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you well you know like like like um I mean so grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree well I mean uh uh um um like okay of life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I like so I mean okay um well well uh calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of I mean okay so uh um well uh I mean making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the okay okay like so you know you know well well Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than like um so you know I mean like you know like the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your uh okay I mean uh uh so so I mean support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this way I mean um you know like so so well so by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't often you know okay uh uh okay you know like I mean talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and um like I mean you know so um uh well today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see in um like um um uh um uh like the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with you know I mean you know okay uh well like uh him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a high uh okay like you know uh you know okay so mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back so okay like like I mean you know well well today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just I mean um so like like so you know well do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd you know I mean okay uh well you know uh I mean want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this you know um like okay okay you know you know uh episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation well you know like okay like um you know um where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they I mean I mean um like I mean um you know so are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed okay I mean I mean um well you know so um a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The so um okay okay like um um so Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We um so so okay you know okay um like were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about uh uh like you know I mean okay you know I mean the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic um like well you know well well uh uh Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an so you know okay well okay okay like um interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet okay so you know um so you know um okay along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to I mean um uh okay I mean I mean you know well join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in you know okay so uh um like uh uh flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I uh well well okay you know well you know well don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening you know like you know I mean you know um like well by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to like so so like so um okay okay make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a you know okay you know well so well like um few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how you know okay um like you know uh well uh to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors I mean like okay well okay well so like the best way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow um I mean okay like well well well I mean you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You so I mean I mean okay you know you know so so can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have like you know you know uh you know um so I mean been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor like I mean uh uh uh uh um um will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple like so I mean uh well you know like okay podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on I mean um um um um okay I mean like some of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for okay well so you know um like I mean uh you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening okay like uh well well so uh well to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in uh like so okay you know I mean okay you know mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right. So uh you know well well like I mean uh you know let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John. Jon was so you know you know uh um okay okay um a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, I do uh like uh um um you know I mean okay vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums. And like well well you know like so like well I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's I mean like like so like uh um like let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people uh uh I mean you know I mean uh um like can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm so uh well I mean like uh uh um procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and well I mean I mean like okay um like uh a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus like uh like well so um um you know goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago okay so you know I mean uh um you know so. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of you know um like you know I mean um um I mean Apartheid. And so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler you know I mean well well like okay uh uh with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina you know you know you know well I mean uh uh I mean Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear so well okay I mean well I mean um you know that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot I mean uh you know okay you know um like well of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to well well um you know okay well you know like traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the so uh like so you know um I mean I mean morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball um like uh well I mean like you know uh game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the okay so um you know um well you know you know basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham well uh like so okay well um uh somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to okay like I mean uh well um okay you know cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are okay I mean so so so um I mean okay back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not so like well um so well you know I mean necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their so I mean well okay okay I mean uh so more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode 17 well um uh so okay you know you know uh the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually you know uh I mean like well so well okay happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is a you know you know you know so so well like you know podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather has you know like well so like okay you know so never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age. I don't need um well well so uh like well well me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on okay okay well like I mean I mean well so musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely okay well you know well so um you know like. It's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast uh uh you know okay um okay so okay Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward uh um you know uh so um uh like to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today like I mean like um uh okay uh well is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to my uh uh okay so you know um I mean well nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today I mean you know uh like so I mean so so. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in like well well you know okay I mean so like 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast um so well so well uh you know well from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this was special uh um so like I mean you know I mean you know. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about okay uh uh you know so uh okay okay starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor well well I mean okay you know like well uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, I mean so like like you know I mean so like it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools so I mean uh so uh like you know well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer you know I mean um well so so uh uh. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can like you know you know I mean uh you know like so be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is uh I mean so I mean like I mean so um on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from uh you know I mean uh I mean uh okay so your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything like so okay I mean so I mean you know uh you need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you uh you know I mean well uh um I mean um do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in well like well you know like so like you know a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you so you know uh okay like you know well I mean that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we um okay um I mean okay uh um you know did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it I mean uh I mean well I mean well um so is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike okay you know um so uh I mean so so as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? okay well um I mean like I mean okay so I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the well um like well like uh well well world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we okay so well okay I mean like like okay are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is um um like like I mean well so you know a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just like okay uh well like I mean uh you know saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air you know uh I mean like you know you know okay uh as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was you know um um uh like well like so very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of okay like so like so well so um my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And so um um I mean um um you know you know again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp like like well you know I mean um uh so on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here um okay you know I mean like I mean like um. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me so well well well like well um um. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great you know um uh you know um you know well okay shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement you know okay you know you know you know I mean like uh in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam you know uh I mean you know okay okay uh like. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome well so I mean well um so okay so to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm going okay so um well like okay like okay to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying um you know okay okay um uh I mean so to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind okay um so like so like like so of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best I mean you know um uh so well uh so way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about well you know so uh you know uh well so in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really um uh uh you know okay like um you know am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect uh well like well so um okay I mean cards the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some uh uh like okay I mean like like um statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, I mean well you know uh um like like okay so Here's basically what I got, so like I was looking at I mean okay so uh uh um you know uh like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have uh okay uh like well so so well to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your uh well well okay uh you know well I mean fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this well well I mean so uh so okay well is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason you know uh um you know so well uh you know Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other like well uh uh so um I mean uh words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you uh um so well uh so like you know. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the um I mean well you know like um well uh casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call you know uh okay okay so uh um so me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like um I mean so I mean well well well I mean to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and so you know you know uh so uh okay well a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they uh uh uh like I mean um like so surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen I mean um okay like okay I mean you know well if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going you know well so uh uh uh like so to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over okay like okay um uh um um uh there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad so like well I mean uh you know okay I mean reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and uh well um I mean so like so well even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them are well I mean okay okay um uh you know okay immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these facts about well well okay okay so well so I mean Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common well uh like okay okay you know you know you know ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that well so you know uh I mean well uh uh some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump so okay um you know I mean um so like from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of like like so well I mean so okay okay Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they okay okay you know well so okay like uh did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me so like uh you know you know like I mean I mean up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings so like uh well you know like you know uh closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created like well um like like like like okay an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in well you know you know okay uh so um well the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along um so well well um um um I mean the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help I mean um well well I mean okay you know um you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with so like well well so like uh you know being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean uh I mean like um so well um um. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all okay I mean I mean like like like um so about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys okay okay okay well okay okay um I mean are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they uh like okay uh well I mean um you know are used with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who like like uh so like you know you know I mean are Back again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who so well well um um um like um are new. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an I mean I mean you know so so okay I mean so American English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English uh so so um well um um well to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those uh you know okay um I mean okay um I mean militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite I mean um well uh um like well okay podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very uh uh you know I mean well uh well okay distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo okay well uh so okay okay like okay the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path well uh like uh uh so well I mean. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are um like okay like so uh you know so 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then well well so well you know um I mean I mean it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, you know um you know okay so uh um okay March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it you know I mean like okay um I mean you know I mean feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring well well um okay well okay so I mean break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses so you know I mean well um like like well. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in like uh okay like I mean you know I mean okay your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them okay so uh I mean I mean you know I mean I mean or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important uh well I mean I mean okay um well well information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even more important than like so okay uh I mean okay I mean well usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with you know okay so I mean um I mean well okay the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get um so well okay um um I mean you know in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have okay okay okay like so I mean okay I mean a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and um I mean uh so so uh uh well then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series well okay you know like you know uh so okay 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really like I mean okay you know uh I mean you know okay good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope okay I mean well you know okay uh you know so you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the um okay so so okay so you know um podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd okay you know like okay I mean so so okay love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention so like like I mean uh um you know um the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just well so so like you know well like well to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling uh um like well um I mean I mean you know just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated like um I mean okay um you know uh uh to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live you know uh um well well okay I mean I mean with borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine you know well I mean okay I mean like you know so and I am your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the I mean well uh I mean well uh well um beginning of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental well well okay like you know you know so you know health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them okay well you know well okay you know um you know. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode uh okay so you know um like like I mean. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at uh uh well okay um I mean well uh swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some okay well like like well okay well like of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is okay uh so I mean uh um well well expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for I mean you know like you know so you know okay um the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I well I mean I mean like uh okay okay I mean wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this so like okay so um I mean okay okay new way to communicate with the department and what this means for well so um like so well well uh DCS going forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing uh well um uh I mean well okay uh. Our budget plan was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the uh I mean well I mean um so I mean uh general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on you know well I mean you know like I mean you know well the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce I mean okay so well okay I mean well you know that no additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point like like okay um I mean like okay so. This is a positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word you know like so um I mean okay um okay the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year uh so okay you know like uh well well 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've so so you know I mean so you know so well selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional uh okay um um so like uh I mean Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across okay uh like like you know okay um you know sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope um well so I mean I mean well so um you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to lose like I mean well okay well well uh you know the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night. He was filthy uh okay okay I mean so you know you know uh hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot hit well you know well you know you know like so okay a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and so well okay well well well like so assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the um well I mean okay well like you know um global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble you know uh like well I mean you know um okay is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel like uh uh well okay uh um well Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to uh well so so you know uh like like celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking okay so uh uh so um uh like about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip well uh uh so okay so okay well to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I okay well okay okay I mean I mean um um was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't so okay so uh well well you know you know expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on I mean so so so well um so like Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older um okay you know I mean you know uh so well than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good like um like uh well okay so um better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and um um so okay so so I mean well podcast landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears so like like well well uh well so biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just like okay you know okay like okay I mean you know change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far like well um I mean uh I mean okay well as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out I mean I mean um well well so so so of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You so I mean you know I mean you know well um um better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk well so uh you know like so so like now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I uh okay um well um well I mean uh have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and um I mean well so okay uh like I mean ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And so uh like you know I mean I mean well well as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we I mean um I mean like uh um I mean like actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show um uh you know so I mean um I mean like. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have well okay uh well well so I mean you know rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning okay well you know uh okay okay uh like in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video I mean uh I mean um well so okay uh and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists you know um I mean I mean I mean like like you know on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, you know well uh so I mean um um you know the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards um like uh so you know well like I mean of is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his so well I mean okay um you know okay so base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television like okay like I mean I mean uh so um and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on uh like you know I mean um I mean um okay their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day I mean well like so okay well you know I mean or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers producers um I mean uh uh you know I mean so I mean or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the okay um I mean um well you know like okay project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not so like I mean uh uh okay well like necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a you know uh I mean okay like like I mean um glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color so uh well I mean I mean so I mean I mean from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop uh uh so so I mean I mean uh you know for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming out in the so okay like like uh you know you know well market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's okay you know um well you know I mean so well going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that was very like like you know you know okay I mean I mean um impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth attempt and the uh you know I mean uh I mean well well so first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to um well I mean well well so like well the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this is a okay uh so like like um uh um this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in I mean like uh I mean well okay I mean like the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was okay so um okay so um uh okay fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a like uh I mean you know uh I mean like so podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything like well I mean well uh well well uh better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and well I mean you know uh I mean well well um edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your I mean so I mean okay okay okay I mean okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so like um um well like you know well many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's so uh um uh you know uh um you know everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor I mean uh like like uh okay well I mean app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored uh well I mean I mean okay uh so uh on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be um I mean like okay okay you know you know so immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, so um okay you know I mean um so okay but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this like well I mean uh you know okay so so is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the okay okay I mean uh you know well so okay beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole okay you know well so well so well you know nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the um so okay uh you know like so well following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let I mean you know I mean uh I mean you know I mean like them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out you know so so uh okay well so okay to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener um okay I mean okay um uh well like discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo I mean um um I mean you know like uh like Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him um uh uh okay you know like well um to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door well um okay okay so um um um flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow I mean I mean I mean you know I mean so I mean I mean Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his like you know so so um I mean you know uh captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and um so okay I mean well um like uh sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face I mean so I mean like um like I mean I mean and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with I mean I mean like you know okay so um um the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, um you know you know um so like well well alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate um you know so okay I mean I mean I mean you know shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but uh you know uh you know so uh okay uh All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone so like like okay like like like okay. Alright. So what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just okay you know I mean uh I mean like okay okay not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just um uh uh well uh um I mean like we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen uh um you know so well I mean I mean well. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to well so uh um so okay uh uh 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles I mean um so like uh uh well um kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each um so um uh like I mean like you know Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if you've uh so you know you know um well um I mean been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we started I mean um I mean um okay okay I mean uh a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Matias. He okay I mean um okay like uh um you know talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking um well you know um I mean okay uh so about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have the uh like like I mean well uh well I mean lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift like uh okay okay you know I mean well well of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift as we engage with uh like um you know I mean um so you know the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you you know you know so like I mean well well okay guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for so um like I mean so like I mean you know a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours I mean like well well I mean okay uh so cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric okay well um okay well uh you know I mean elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations you know okay um you know um like um like usually occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old like so so um uh so um um and can be associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with okay well so like like you know I mean you know an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization uh uh okay okay well like well like unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric well uh uh uh so like okay like elbow dislocations, make up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries okay uh well um you know um I mean okay. The male to female ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common um well uh okay well you know you know like in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less well um like I mean so so um like than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall I mean um like like um um I mean okay onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy I mean you know so like um you know uh like. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like okay okay um like like okay you know okay to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm um well you know you know uh um uh um a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you well so so uh um you know I mean I mean about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to so I mean well so I mean like you know you know the hospital and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including uh okay you know you know you know okay uh you know ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have been very worried well okay you know well you know um like okay about the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried about so so um um okay uh you know well this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it I mean uh so well uh um um you know is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of you know so you know like okay okay you know like which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to like like well um well you know so um record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your like like uh well like well so okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh you know you know I mean okay um so I mean Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything so I mean well you know uh well uh okay that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor like you know well so um so so I mean app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee I mean I mean like um okay uh well uh. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with um um so well I mean uh well okay a name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream okay like like okay I mean okay so okay coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast you know I mean uh I mean like well I mean you know. So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you like okay uh so um okay um like about my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way so well so well you know okay you know so first off it's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean so well you know well well okay um podcast right from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast okay um well you know like um okay okay was actually recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was you know okay I mean uh um I mean like I mean working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify I mean you know um okay you know um I mean like Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot uh I mean well well I mean um well well of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes so uh um well you know so well I mean in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join like like well well okay like so like me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual well so you know so I mean like so um met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you like well okay you know uh well well like know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of okay so so so um well I mean so host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me like um like well you know well so um today the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She well well uh so I mean um uh I mean is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I uh okay like like okay uh um well wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions you know okay okay uh like okay like so about ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and like well like you know okay I mean uh like frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think um well like um uh uh um um that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? okay you know okay so so like okay I mean Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen well so I mean I mean well well okay um child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband so okay um uh uh like uh okay Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days I mean you know okay uh you know uh okay I mean and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called like um so so I mean you know okay I mean Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to like you know okay you know you know like uh well his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? okay okay like well um uh okay uh There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can you know so I mean I mean um you know so okay hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we you know you know you know like okay so I mean well welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo okay um well so I mean well uh okay my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? I mean uh so um well like um uh It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do you uh like you know okay um so like well do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do you know you know so I mean I mean you know um uh. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind of you know you know well well you know like uh okay do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst okay like well uh I mean well you know I mean other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you I mean uh I mean so I mean you know so you know here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself so you know okay so so I mean like um. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine um you know like okay like so so like to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you so well um you know uh um I mean well doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to well well I mean well I mean uh you know so talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We like um well so like you know um you know still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You I mean I mean so um I mean okay you know so know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we okay okay you know like uh uh you know like were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a so so uh you know I mean um well um toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think you know you know like uh uh uh well like you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with I mean so like like you know well okay well the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not so I mean um uh like like um uh I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but okay well uh okay uh okay well okay by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I mean I mean I mean um okay I mean okay well I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not uh so you know you know uh I mean okay I mean fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I mean okay well um well uh you know you know I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes so well okay uh um well so I mean on the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished like I mean so you know okay uh okay uh in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way um you know uh okay well um so well people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest uh uh um okay um I mean um well service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever like so like I mean like um well you know you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion I mean like um I mean um like so well is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August uh like so well uh well like okay 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing okay so well like uh uh like uh brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and I mean well you know like um well so um we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the painting that well well um so well well I mean like I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the I mean okay um uh okay you know so well tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when so well so okay um so like uh I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is uh you know um um you know I mean well so brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me so I mean I mean like uh um well you know paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to I mean I mean well you know um okay like well see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click like like so okay so um okay you know on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon so uh well okay um I mean um like is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that you know I mean uh well you know um I mean well class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether like so okay I mean like like uh you know this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much for like I mean okay like you know I mean you know so your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining um like um um okay like you know I mean me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody so well I mean well um like okay okay. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted well um I mean um so um like you know logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets I mean you know like you know so like I mean um related we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events well I mean you know um like so like I mean. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need um well okay so like like uh uh Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head okay so um um so so okay you know on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a like um okay so uh uh okay you know new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel um uh I mean you know um well okay you know man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday uh okay so well well so um I mean was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got well well uh like okay like so uh with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now I mean okay I mean um I mean um you know okay but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on you know you know like uh I mean uh okay well gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't well like uh um so like uh well lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was so uh well you know so um so you know if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean uh uh well uh so so uh. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to I mean I mean I mean um so like so okay record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute like I mean so um you know um you know okay your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many okay um I mean I mean okay okay okay um more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything I mean I mean uh okay okay you know you know well you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you know well uh um you know um so you know you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has well you know well like well so okay okay a dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that well you know like well you know well so uh life. You want to live my question to you is simple. Are you well so I mean so um you know okay okay currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why the answers are often um so well uh I mean I mean like you know somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have like like uh like like you know like um those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on you know so well well so well you know I mean the go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail you know like well well you know uh so okay is life saving. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin okay I mean you know well you know like I mean well. He had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he uh like uh uh well I mean well well booked his ticket but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong um um okay you know I mean okay um you know Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved uh I mean I mean I mean like uh like um his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art um okay uh you know you know well like uh of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry um uh so so uh like like so who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community like like like like like like okay okay that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world like okay I mean um um so um uh. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm well um you know uh I mean well okay well here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've well okay uh uh well uh I mean okay never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name I mean um like well uh well well so right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And I mean well you know um you know okay um well yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my well you know uh you know well so I mean I mean business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our you know okay like so um I mean um well leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've okay um well uh so uh well you know sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and like um like I mean uh uh well uh what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for I mean you know you know like like uh I mean like international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's uh um um well like I mean you know so episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group well like well like so so okay well Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them okay I mean I mean you know I mean okay well um being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler you know um um so I mean okay uh uh MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It I mean so um well okay well so well was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip. I cannot wait um um okay um well well you know well to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have so okay like um okay well I mean uh um much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with me okay like you know you know so you know okay I mean girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate left I mean um I mean like um okay you know um. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you here. So I mean um well so um like I mean well let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, you know um like so okay um um like let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for Paul's mom um like okay uh you know okay okay you know who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world okay um like like um um uh uh. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, so so um okay I mean you know uh like bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of you know like well okay okay well you know uh any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big so um uh uh you know well okay okay shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports I mean I mean I mean like I mean well you know uh the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving like okay okay um I mean I mean uh you know game going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find uh you know uh uh okay I mean well you know an array of great training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the like I mean like I mean okay like so well focus framer or even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news I mean okay um I mean I mean okay um okay. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our um well you know you know like okay okay I mean weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your okay so um I mean so like okay well a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill I mean like um okay uh uh um okay your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We I mean like well uh you know okay I mean um take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and well um you know so uh uh so like your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification like okay so well okay so um okay from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule um you know so okay well so like okay in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll I mean uh like um uh okay I mean like as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of uh um so so you know you know like like the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around you know okay um um uh I mean like so us. In fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially I mean okay so um okay okay uh well energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten so well uh you know well like well like cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They so I mean you know uh well like like I mean are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy uh so okay um well well I mean uh. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The okay um like uh so you know like you know run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training to um okay like so like okay um uh reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions that like um well so you know okay okay so you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop on what I mean you know so I mean okay well so uh really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you ever seen um well well uh well well like so a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, you know I mean um well so so well well This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal the you know like you know so um well uh so secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is an um okay I mean uh like so um like aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, like distance well so okay I mean like like you know okay swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some uh okay you know so um so well okay have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they okay um um you know so uh like um all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports I mean like well I mean like so okay okay or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that you know you know okay um I mean you know like like there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening I mean so okay uh um I mean um like to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to like you know I mean so um okay um I mean sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us like I mean okay okay you know like I mean I mean. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden okay you know well you know so uh um so Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global uh uh you know I mean you know you know so like Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over uh you know uh uh um um I mean so 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky uh like um you know uh so okay so enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly you know like okay um you know okay um I mean. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author well you know um so well um like so but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of uh okay uh okay uh well um okay Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like you know like you know okay well you know okay I mean the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some so I mean well uh okay um well uh astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have okay okay um so okay like so well so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on she read so well I mean like you know like like I mean my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me like okay um um I mean uh okay like one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night well uh okay so um you know okay you know toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush well like um I mean uh so you know you know the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines uh um okay I mean so well you know okay week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped you know I mean um I mean okay so so I mean black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ well uh okay well well okay well uh Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in so like you know well okay okay I mean uh 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and you know um you know well so like okay okay her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked I mean okay so well uh like okay so with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a like I mean like you know I mean okay like you know more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do um uh okay okay you know like well you know it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many so well uh okay okay okay uh so years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did like I mean I mean well okay okay I mean I mean it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it um uh um you know so well you know you know was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah um you know um well like um well well sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all um um uh okay I mean I mean I mean uh are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, well okay I mean like like so I mean I mean so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash um so uh okay so like um I mean the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of I mean uh well um okay well I mean uh you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us you know so I mean well like well um I mean and it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works I mean so so so um okay well well. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, I mean you know you know like I mean um well I mean great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to well you know like um uh okay like like do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like like you know like uh like you know I mean you know I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We uh I mean you know you know so so you know okay are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and you know you know well you know uh so well well we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't like so so well so um I mean uh heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's I mean uh so uh you know so um uh a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh well okay so I mean you know well uh right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you make so so uh so uh uh so like your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can make uh I mean you know like so um I mean well easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank you so well like like you know like uh uh. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and this um like you know um uh okay well well podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, like like well so well okay like okay but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many biases that like um I mean uh I mean you know um you know can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon. And today you know I mean you know like okay well so okay we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which uh I mean okay I mean like um so like I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for well I mean you know so uh so okay um those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about you know okay um well like um okay well our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get you know well you know so um uh well like any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay I mean okay well well I mean like like well or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions I mean uh like you know like okay so um of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan okay I mean okay well I mean I mean um like former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 so um well okay okay I mean like uh minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, you know I mean okay uh like I mean like well like for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their own projects. But I mean um I mean um okay so you know like then as they start to progress in their career how they can start to, you so well you know okay um I mean I mean uh know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and work with a and ours well you know uh well um uh you know so at labels as well. So so this is a great one so strap in and so uh um I mean well um um I mean enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information on how well okay you know um okay um uh well Studio talk can help you out. Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's well well you know uh uh um uh uh up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder okay um okay um I mean you know I mean you know of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you okay uh like well uh okay okay so hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm your uh I mean like so uh you know like well host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today well like I mean um like um so okay. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk I mean uh um well okay um so you know about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a um um uh you know um I mean I mean you know first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to uh um uh um I mean so um well everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could okay so okay I mean I mean you know okay so get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me so you know like well um okay um you know and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect okay like okay uh I mean you know I mean you know category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick uh like uh you know um like uh well five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been like well okay so like well I mean um listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in um you know I mean like you know like um so the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience you know um well you know okay okay well so trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a well uh okay you know I mean well well um step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on uh uh uh uh you know well you know um mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need so so um uh well like so uh experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last night so so you know I mean uh like okay I mean. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a waste like so so well okay like like you know of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher um okay you know okay like I mean you know you know spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but I mean uh so you know I mean so so okay anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us so well so I mean like um like well besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops like well okay I mean uh like well so update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold so I mean uh okay uh well okay uh one of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and you know you know so like uh you know so well shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and like okay I mean um I mean well like well I took it off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something you know um you know I mean you know well you know so that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you so much okay um you know so like okay okay okay for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to well uh I mean I mean um so um okay our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and like uh so so I mean so I mean um maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see what um like you know so like you know I mean okay how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just as I mean um you know like um I mean like I mean much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so I mean well okay um uh like so uh glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the woods with okay okay uh okay well you know so okay DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward to um uh um you know um you know I mean uh having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for well okay well well like well well um tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with okay um um like uh like okay uh EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one like well so like um well well okay of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of uh okay uh okay well um okay uh different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that okay so um um I mean you know like uh are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first uh you know well you know so okay uh like of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What um well um uh I mean you know you know um was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just um uh you know I mean you know you know okay um here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make okay um you know so uh um you know um a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest I mean like uh so so um uh so way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place okay I mean like you know I mean well like like for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows uh I mean okay well like well well okay you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute you know okay okay well so like so uh your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple you know well uh I mean like I mean okay um podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no so uh um uh I mean well um you know minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag so well like I mean um you know like um Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably you know uh so uh you know well so like the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if you well like like so you know well well I mean ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying you know uh like uh so you know uh uh put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it I mean I mean I mean um I mean okay I mean um just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in you know well I mean you know uh um uh uh the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just I mean well like um you know uh okay like doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So like uh so so I mean so you know like it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and play for um um you know uh um well okay okay another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to like well okay well so um um you know get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- like so okay like like uh I mean you know to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free you know so well like um well you know well anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to okay well I mean like like I mean like well your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to well uh you know like I mean uh well okay talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want you know so um you know you know well like okay to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to well well like I mean so okay like so the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your uh I mean like okay like well okay I mean way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor uh so you know uh so you know well okay its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools well well you know I mean okay I mean you know well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer well okay like um so like um like anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify well uh uh you know uh I mean well I mean Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership well so um uh uh you know um well. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So uh okay so well like like I mean I mean download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to uh um uh well um well I mean uh get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to so well so you know um um like okay talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the well uh I mean like you know okay like uh sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look um like like so okay okay I mean okay into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan so you know um so well I mean um um Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get you know I mean uh you know okay well well you know enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you so I mean like uh you know I mean like well left like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a like um you know um uh like uh okay record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis you know I mean so like you know you know uh like. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So I mean so you know so so well okay okay obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones like um like okay well I mean like well scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that um so well well you know I mean so you know people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but you know um um um so well well you know it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three two um um okay you know so you know like uh. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are um like like well like you know so you know we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that so uh I mean like uh so uh uh all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more I mean like so well so um I mean uh of like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they okay well okay okay I mean okay I mean well don't show you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which okay like uh um you know so I mean okay I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life I mean like like well like well like I mean. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah um okay so well uh like well uh. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild well so so okay um okay uh you know and now which are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What you know um um well uh I mean well I mean about like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea I mean you know um so uh you know okay so how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot okay um like okay uh you know um okay f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation you know okay I mean I mean well okay like well tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a I mean uh I mean well like I mean like well computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started you know like uh well okay uh well uh. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt uh like so uh so so uh uh get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and like you know okay well um uh so I mean save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised I mean well I mean um like so I mean like a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are uh like okay uh so I mean um uh going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and you know you know um well um well uh so ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing uh you know okay so I mean you know so um because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind like um um well I mean I mean you know I mean of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the you know well uh well okay uh okay okay usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of like you know uh okay you know like you know so course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted okay so you know um um um I mean you know one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could I mean um well uh okay like well you know be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode 120 uh you know uh like I mean like well well is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today Sergio you know okay like well uh you know um uh and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about all the so so you know uh you know you know like like new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very special interview uh um uh like like uh uh okay with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so um well um you know okay you know like well to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, I mean okay I mean uh like I mean uh um it's been a really productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot I mean well like you know um like you know uh of weight. It's been filled with a lot of news and then I also got you know okay uh so uh well um you know some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say uh okay okay like so like um I mean thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going I mean well you know you know like um well well to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to okay um like well uh um so like my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know okay uh you know so well um well so my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously you know you know well okay well like I mean uh a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke okay like uh well like uh um well Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to okay you know so um you know so okay so say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on well well I mean like so so uh like Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank um uh well you know I mean so okay okay you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and I mean you know uh you know so I mean okay I mean the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of like you know uh I mean I mean um like I mean the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss okay so you know so uh um so okay to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk um um like uh uh uh okay okay further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the I mean so okay I mean you know um okay I mean relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media well you know uh uh uh I mean I mean you know a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and like so so well you know uh uh I mean learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as so um like uh okay uh uh you know you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 times like uh well uh I mean so um um version of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it with you in I mean okay like so like uh okay so just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on uh uh you know um uh like uh uh microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy I mean okay I mean you know so like like uh is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll well I mean um okay so uh like uh give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a well um okay okay so so I mean well daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope um you know okay so so uh like uh in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd I mean uh uh okay so so um okay Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 you know okay okay so like so I mean uh today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if um like well I mean I mean you know okay um the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building like like um like okay well you know so from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in you know um like uh well like okay okay this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it okay like I mean I mean uh well you know I mean on we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk so so I mean so okay like well well to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my okay you know um you know like well so I mean episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and I mean you know uh um like so uh uh it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast well like like like you know you know I mean uh straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well uh um I mean so well uh I mean like after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so I mean you know uh you know I mean uh well so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more uh um well um um I mean I mean I mean you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership okay uh like um um well well okay. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor you know I mean you know well you know like so well app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this you know uh so I mean I mean well I mean well podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to this well um you know you know so so uh like podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the left here you know okay um you know well well like so. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It you know um I mean uh okay well you know well works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach okay okay uh like like well uh like data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching you know you know uh you know I mean so like well resources for their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers so well um uh well well well well for on here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching so like I mean you know um so you know you know. Please rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach well um like I mean okay like you know well more teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a so uh I mean well I mean well um uh passionate teacher who is has used this source and program to engage in um I mean so so I mean well uh like Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she you know like well uh like you know um like documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has you know you know well like I mean um okay you know been a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to school on the you know so so so okay uh like well second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that okay well so um um I mean um okay for me I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie okay like um like well you know so so. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? well well I mean you know you know I mean um okay Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier like like well well well uh uh well. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh you know okay you know uh you know well you know okay get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that okay like well uh um like uh um now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking I mean uh okay I mean you know like like like into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a well okay like uh well well so so pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You uh I mean well uh like um okay I mean know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 so um I mean uh I mean okay okay like of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not okay you know so okay well um okay so 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an uh so okay I mean uh like um you know A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about so okay I mean you know you know okay you know like to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be I mean like um you know I mean well so uh Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our uh okay well okay okay well uh uh school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara I mean so okay um okay well I mean I mean Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack okay so so um okay uh um I mean Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person so I mean well so um um you know um with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about the uh uh I mean so like like well so people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with okay like uh um I mean you know you know like you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say you know like like so well um well well Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and well okay well um like well okay well it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion of his like well I mean okay um you know so well leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming you know okay uh you know uh okay uh um up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I uh I mean so okay okay well so you know bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so well okay um okay okay okay I mean I mean if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be you know you know so so you know like like so making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would well you know so well um okay um um just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you know okay like um okay I mean uh I mean you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a well um okay uh uh you know well well series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New okay I mean so well like like um okay York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out uh well uh um uh you know like so one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB so like uh like um you know like well ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening to um okay um like like you know I mean you know the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you okay I mean so okay so well well uh for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is um uh well okay well uh well okay your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning. You'll um like uh uh uh okay I mean um be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them okay okay you know um like well I mean so you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because you know so um so so well well so I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record uh so okay uh well so um well my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely well I mean like I mean like so uh uh love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um um so uh uh so um uh me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record like so you know so so well uh um and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your I mean um you know well uh well well you know podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many more so um you know I mean okay like so okay you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's well uh I mean like um okay well well everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have you know I mean well uh uh okay like like to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- well um you know so well okay you know um to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't I mean um um so well so well I mean heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you know um you know well uh you know so I mean you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and so okay so okay like well so well I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools I mean okay okay so I mean okay uh well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your like like I mean so you know well um well computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from like like you know I mean so you know um uh my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute uh you know you know I mean um I mean uh um your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and I mean so like okay so okay so um many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin like so so so you know so okay so you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for well uh like I mean like um well so me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to I mean okay um well uh like uh so make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning well you know okay okay I mean so okay like and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little well well so you know you know you know so uh circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero um you know you know I mean you know so I mean I mean is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge okay so I mean um okay okay so uh is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and I mean I mean okay uh you know you know like uh it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year well like um I mean so well well I mean and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build like so like so well like um okay that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John you know like like well I mean uh okay um Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four I mean like um so okay uh uh so hundred twenty seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in like you know like well you know so I mean like the United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one so so like okay I mean well uh okay. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting okay well you know well like I mean like so that we haven't had any deaths in California. And so there might be something um okay uh uh well like uh like specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia like I mean uh um like so like so from our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end so um well I mean like uh I mean I mean of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the you know okay uh you know um well uh uh criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you you know I mean um you know uh like okay okay get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York so so I mean like um like um like City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921 okay uh you know uh uh so um you know. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there uh like uh okay you know well um I mean for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right okay so well so so well you know okay here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories like so well um uh I mean um um that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned you know well okay I mean so I mean um I mean from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful so uh uh you know okay I mean um I mean given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode okay so like you know um so so okay. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where I mean you know I mean like so I mean okay uh but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the uh um okay okay I mean well I mean like weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and okay I mean so okay you know you know um so stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to okay like so okay okay well um like this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise well you know you know so well uh um uh yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the you know I mean uh you know so um so you know making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about well you know so um um okay uh you know the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of I mean well uh I mean so like well well the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're I mean uh I mean you know uh uh so so exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected so I mean uh I mean um uh like um short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas like um well okay so um I mean you know. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world uh okay like like I mean okay I mean okay really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you so well well uh uh I mean okay like listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in so okay you know um like like um I mean the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard uh like I mean like you know um okay like and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what so you know you know um you know um I mean okay needs to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the you know like well uh I mean I mean so um medieval period things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most um you know I mean um you know well like so people in England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and so like I mean okay um well you know okay unless you were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People I mean like so well I mean you know uh I mean did face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short I mean like um um I mean you know okay like for so for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life uh well I mean well you know I mean well okay expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So I mean like well well so you know so okay a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn like okay like uh uh okay well so and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach okay you know so I mean uh um I mean uh so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew okay I mean like okay okay like like um a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as well okay you know well like um like um the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of like I mean like like I mean well like uh said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little I mean um like okay um okay um well heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have had you know so um I mean like so well so classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn okay okay well like well you know so like State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months uh um okay uh so you know well well ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You so you know like you know um um okay I mean want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name okay I mean okay like so um well I mean is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in so you know uh uh well I mean you know well having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro well okay uh so okay so uh um there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the okay like like like you know I mean uh well toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this well um um so okay like I mean well week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go um okay okay like you know um well okay on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch I mean uh you know uh uh uh well you know and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always um you know okay so well so well so do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a okay okay you know like you know well uh so voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be uh like you know so uh so uh okay your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you okay okay I mean okay uh I mean like I mean need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream uh you know uh uh um I mean um um life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you in well like you know um so you know I mean uh on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the well uh I mean so okay okay I mean like past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share like uh you know so um um I mean uh my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring uh well um like you know so uh like new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your so okay like so well so okay like heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is I mean so okay I mean so so I mean okay he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom like well you know um well okay I mean like of the mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after okay uh well I mean well like well like the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand you know um okay okay uh okay so um into the house and either places something into the hand of the ball by okay you know okay so you know I mean like okay it or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and then um um like uh well uh okay um D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be you know well you know okay okay like you know well they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss um I mean like okay like I mean uh like one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One um like okay well uh okay like okay act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place you know well uh you know um I mean like well of rest then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a well uh I mean I mean I mean like you know um domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe and like okay um um you know so I mean uh Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just well so well well you know okay um um talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I you know you know you know like okay um I mean so work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I well um okay um okay okay so um just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy like well you know you know so um well so. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast like um like uh okay like like I mean comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I I mean um well I mean uh well you know well needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast um I mean you know I mean I mean um well so producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor you know well you know uh like uh okay well because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's like okay you know okay uh well well I mean also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and I mean you know uh I mean like well okay okay all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it uh okay so I mean uh like uh uh can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can so um um uh you know uh well so make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You you know um like uh um well well I mean can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast all I mean okay so um okay so you know so in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are okay you know like you know I mean uh I mean um joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special okay you know like you know okay like uh uh episode. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological I mean I mean um so um I mean like like career of the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case uh uh I mean like like okay you know well. We interviewed. And since it was the second time we had him on we'd so like you know so so I mean so you know already covered his career. And so I got to talk about a lot of you know well you know you know okay uh um okay things on this show and I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's okay okay like you know well I mean well you know Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of went through a couple like you know so like um like you know so topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in New you know okay uh you know you know uh like like York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At so I mean like well uh you know like uh all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used like you know okay well uh um well uh to come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try um well you know so I mean um so I mean to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a so okay like so um I mean well you know picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about okay well like like I mean like so like sex like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick well so um I mean well um you know uh a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? um uh so uh uh like so okay Oh and there's like a mirror right across from my back to our it was well I mean I mean um okay so you know okay like a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought so you know well um so so uh okay into this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look um okay okay you know okay um like well. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank like um so okay I mean well uh okay you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I like well uh like like I mean like well promise you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She you know well well like you know like like uh came visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in um well so so well um so I mean order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, I mean I mean um uh you know like I mean um doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it okay you know okay I mean well uh okay uh that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But like I mean you know uh um well um um there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but so okay like I mean okay well you know I mean me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going I mean uh like I mean so um um like to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter um I mean like um well okay uh uh found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get you know so well okay I mean I mean like so any worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on like like uh um so uh I mean like the mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our uh well I mean well okay well okay you know series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper like uh like like like I mean so I mean into some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you know like so um um okay uh okay you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener well I mean like like okay well like well discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including I mean okay uh uh you know uh like I mean the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast you know um you know well uh you know well I mean. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht uh so so okay okay well you know uh Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology uh uh well well so okay uh uh can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the um I mean um I mean like um so well next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether so okay like like um okay okay like or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in like uh you know okay like so you know okay conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be um like uh so uh okay I mean like well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a so you know okay okay so so like uh number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no so so you know um okay you know so uh more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the uh I mean I mean well so well like I mean fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is about well like uh like like I mean you know you know today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the like um um you know uh I mean you know uh most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks like okay I mean uh you know okay uh I mean for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time this week like like okay you know okay um um like. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance well okay like I mean so so so okay News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of like I mean okay like okay uh you know um a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that um like I mean I mean uh well so you know her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is so well I mean okay so well well uh unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is um like you know um uh well um okay that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where well you know you know uh okay uh so um she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found you know like okay um so um I mean like this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out okay like you know well um you know um well she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron so uh okay so uh I mean like I mean has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped uh um uh like you know I mean um well her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer okay like well well I mean like like so a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to so you know okay uh you know um so so love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman I mean um uh so you know okay okay well should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is um well uh well uh well um well 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that so so you know like well um um um guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I am you know you know you know uh like uh like so your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today okay um um well uh okay um I mean we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get okay like so well like so I mean um it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet okay so like you know I mean okay well so we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry you know so um okay so like um so but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but it okay uh uh like you know uh uh well was there. We took the we just say major so we had all the same classes like like um well okay I mean so so together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree you know you know uh uh you know um um so planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part I mean I mean you know so um okay so like of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as uh uh you know I mean like uh you know so a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of you know I mean I mean I mean so well you know uh people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However like so I mean well well so I mean um tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings I mean well so like like okay well so in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences so you know like well you know you know well um bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light I mean like I mean like so okay so well on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in I mean okay so um um um so you know the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a like so um um I mean I mean so um place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any well you know I mean um um uh like like tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast like okay you know so so well you know okay in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship um well I mean uh you know well okay okay now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a well like I mean I mean well uh okay uh new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of you know like I mean you know okay okay I mean okay where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, uh okay I mean okay okay so um um the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of so like like you know okay well um you know products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move well well well okay uh um like uh to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones okay well like like okay so well like. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and okay you know well like um uh like so then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm you know like you know I mean you know you know I mean like going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all you know so like well well well so you know three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to like well uh um I mean uh uh so build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before so well well uh uh you know okay you know we get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you uh so so I mean I mean I mean well so to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce I mean uh you know I mean you know you know okay uh results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to I mean um you know um I mean um I mean okay burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time you know like um uh okay uh um I mean. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't uh I mean well so so you know so you know overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get you know uh so uh so uh like like more life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek you know well uh so I mean well I mean okay to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach um well so I mean you know okay so uh Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to uh well um well so well you know okay help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble like um so um you know so I mean um falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word so I mean you know um uh so uh well of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so okay like I mean um so um you know um as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an like okay um so I mean like uh like inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, you uh um like okay like okay you know I mean want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out there, how I mean uh so like uh uh I mean I mean dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on like so so like okay so like like fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was well um you know like um like like so like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list okay well you know um well um you know like given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and like you know um so like so okay I mean recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller so um so you know like like okay uh and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome like okay so so okay I mean uh uh to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough you know um well like like um uh well and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that um you know you know I mean um well I mean okay I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy like like you know okay well okay uh I mean hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has um okay you know okay so so you know I mean to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back uh I mean um um I mean like you know so. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American um I mean um okay okay so so okay Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one you know I mean okay um like okay uh like of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your I mean I mean like uh like well I mean you know boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right uh so you know like like like like um. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross um well so you know like so so okay All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever like I mean you know like you know um um well take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge so like okay so uh okay um you know of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish uh uh uh you know um well so uh behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are like like uh so uh uh like you know joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special like like well so like I mean you know like guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I I mean like um like um um well so came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, okay like well I mean so you know I mean uh I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair you know you know like okay well okay well so when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in like I mean uh you know I mean I mean well um and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on um uh uh so okay well like well camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let you know okay well um well uh well so people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day well well well um well well like I mean. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 well like I mean like like uh okay uh. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and I mean um you know um uh okay um so it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our I mean so like you know you know um like you know virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern um I mean well well okay um I mean um standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the I mean well well um so so like like world, you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with so uh okay um uh you know I mean okay those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're you know I mean so like you know uh like uh excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are well well so so you know well so like using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access okay you know you know uh okay uh like you know your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash you know I mean so you know well so um uh create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I okay like um um okay okay you know well think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional well um like well um um I mean okay as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by like I mean so okay uh um like um other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and you know um you know like I mean um so um so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here so uh uh uh you know so you know well with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from you know like you know so you know like like I mean Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man like so so um I mean okay so you know. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing okay you know I mean you know like well uh so right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, uh like you know well like uh uh um but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do I mean well uh okay you know okay uh um this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, I mean I mean well you know so um well uh we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out uh uh uh you know like um okay um because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry well okay so well um you know uh I mean and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space um like I mean so um you know like so docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering you know like uh uh uh um so you know all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or so like well okay um you know well you know discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the Apollo uh um you know so so I mean um like mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news okay okay um like you know well uh I mean on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if like us uh like you know um well like so I mean you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening um well you know okay you know um so uh in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for um well okay um so uh um I mean adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion so you know okay well um I mean like so is advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According uh um uh like okay you know I mean well to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up um uh I mean like okay um okay uh. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a okay okay so okay so um um well little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level well well you know um well okay well so. And I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I so okay I mean uh uh well uh well could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify uh so so um you know you know so um original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a you know so you know you know okay I mean um um hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party um uh so uh like you know I mean like the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite I mean you know um well like you know uh so video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two so I mean like uh uh um like like Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite like well okay uh you know so um like. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you so so so okay I mean okay so you know make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here you know I mean um okay well you know so um. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part so like you know so uh well so okay 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this okay well well um okay well um you know one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some you know okay well well I mean okay um I mean nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If this is I mean um okay I mean I mean so you know so the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and listening to part uh I mean I mean um like well like like 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of the information I mean okay uh okay so okay well like in part to her story all her tips the way that she parents it's all I mean um um um you know well like I mean like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know where okay I mean I mean uh so I mean uh you know she came from part 1 is all about her life as a young girl uh um like okay okay I mean you know so how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman so I mean uh you know um I mean like I mean and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing um I mean uh you know uh uh so so show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush so you know well I mean you know I mean okay uh the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every so like like you know you know okay I mean so day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a uh um I mean okay okay um well like pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names like I mean well well like like well so were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters um um like so I mean you know you know um were born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man like um okay you know you know I mean okay okay and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was well well so well I mean you know you know well controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can you know um you know I mean um well you know okay be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey like I mean uh I mean um uh well so guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and uh so so well so like I mean so hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of okay you know um uh um I mean um um re free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your okay um like so uh um uh you know day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love like okay well like well so well so that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word you know okay like well uh I mean um I mean of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are well uh well like I mean so you know like so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place well I mean I mean so like I mean okay uh of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to uh you know so okay you know like uh so the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that I mean like um well uh uh well um would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically they're you know uh I mean so okay okay you know well not in first. All I care about is when you look at the points it you know uh well um well okay you know um is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation we are discussing I mean okay okay um like um like I mean right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes um I mean um okay okay so I mean so four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic um um like well well you know um um of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I uh uh um I mean so um I mean I mean got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is so okay so like like okay I mean so probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching like um you know I mean okay well um so him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got okay um I mean I mean uh uh so you know a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets like uh um like so well uh okay his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind you know you know um uh um I mean you know uh of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told well so um well well um I mean um him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers uh I mean um you know I mean so so okay a podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by like uh like okay so um okay you know this is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin well so okay so like so I mean uh. Hey, what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything um well okay like so I mean um um about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? okay um you know so well uh uh well What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going so uh well so so so um okay in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to okay um uh like um I mean okay uh talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get uh I mean okay you know like so like you know to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with so you know I mean like okay uh I mean um Quote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is so I mean like uh I mean okay well you know the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we okay um like you know uh okay you know okay know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking so like like so okay uh I mean you know about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple I mean like uh um like well okay you know games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using like uh like well you know okay you know so it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the um so um well so uh okay okay practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course so you know I mean okay I mean um I mean so only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor uh I mean um um so I mean like okay which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about well I mean well well well like okay okay anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's I mean okay like okay uh uh I mean um creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um like I mean you know like I mean so I mean your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you well I mean so you know uh well okay uh can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money I mean uh well okay like okay so I mean from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make so so well so I mean so like like a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to well um okay so um so so so Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of like okay so uh I mean I mean well like Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your um so I mean um so uh uh uh host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like like well um well so okay um like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, like like like um so well well I mean and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a I mean um so well you know well okay okay podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor I mean well okay I mean you know well like well I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything like well um well I mean I mean so uh you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your okay okay well okay so so uh okay phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app um okay okay you know like um um so to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute okay um I mean okay you know so okay um your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes I mean well so okay uh well well um Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make I mean like okay okay I mean like like um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go okay so you know I mean well uh uh um to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast okay like I mean uh well I mean okay uh. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any okay well uh so you know well you know well money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big you know you know I mean okay like okay like you know deal. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay you know I mean okay I mean like um like right from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a you know you know um I mean like uh well so lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean well okay you know you know I mean okay I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more um well um like okay well um well and the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so uh uh I mean I mean you know uh you know. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free well I mean well like I mean well I mean um anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches okay you know well um um so okay um proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a uh like like okay okay so so like lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a you know uh I mean um so I mean you know well personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and well I mean you know so I mean um you know I mean losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March uh well uh um you know like you know um 1st episode of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast so well okay you know you know like so so of eight women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon you know okay uh so well like well um. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all like well like so uh well I mean okay that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up well so um like um um well I mean to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He like well okay I mean um like uh um had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing um so okay well uh um um I mean proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke I mean like okay I mean okay like I mean you know about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted like you know like okay um um so like to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way um uh um um you know I mean you know so possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects you know um well well I mean so you know like are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to so so um so like uh um okay record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet I mean you know okay um like well like I mean a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software you know I mean well you know you know uh uh I mean as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need uh you know well so uh well so uh to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer uh so uh so well uh you know like tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to well um so um so like well um make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better I mean I mean okay you know um um uh you know be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to um well well you know well like um I mean hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before now like okay you know like well okay like um as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up like you know okay you know like uh like so to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself well so like okay um I mean um um on the field but also off the field as well. So without further um I mean um I mean you know so uh uh Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please like like okay okay I mean you know like uh enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all okay well well okay you know I mean um so how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you okay I mean like so well uh okay um know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit uh so uh uh okay uh uh like of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to you know well I mean um um you know uh like make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record you know uh uh you know uh so like I mean and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast um uh you know uh um I mean okay so for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple you I mean uh okay uh uh you know uh uh can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one you know um well okay like you know so well place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get okay like um like I mean uh you know I mean started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend well okay uh you know well so uh uh. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once uh so I mean you know uh so okay uh again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion you know uh so um so you know so uh soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is uh I mean uh I mean well uh uh um Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and um uh um you know you know uh okay uh iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am uh you know um okay um like well so so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, I mean so so okay I mean you know I mean so and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company so I mean uh uh um well like okay and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually okay uh like um I mean okay I mean so the first time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total um um um uh okay okay I mean you know and we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds uh okay uh like um I mean okay well miss any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I um uh so uh like so so well think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on I mean so so like like okay well okay speed dog? We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we okay so like well I mean like well so can't call him. Oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres so you know okay you know um like well um of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with I mean uh you know um okay well um uh them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm like so so like you know you know so I mean assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right so I mean um like uh okay okay you know away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler so like so well so you know so uh in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio well I mean so like you know so you know I mean versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy um um well I mean like okay like well this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you know okay like so I mean like I mean um you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of okay well you know um like okay so I mean that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let like I mean so um well you know I mean like me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West so um I mean uh so I mean uh okay Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at well like I mean okay um like so I mean the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the strange so um okay you know you know uh I mean uh link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at okay so I mean like um um okay um one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound um well well so I mean so you know you know when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them well well well like okay well okay like to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high I mean like so so so um so uh Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will like like you know okay uh well so okay be seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa I mean uh you know so um um uh like cum laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and so um so okay I mean uh you know uh ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple um okay I mean okay so so so okay of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with like like I mean like okay um like uh us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and um I mean okay um you know like uh well the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys okay you know uh uh so you know like um lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots of so uh you know you know well I mean uh um music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with okay like uh okay okay uh well well an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last I mean um so well um you know you know um few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as okay uh uh uh uh okay well uh of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 um um like like well like okay like dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 well you know so so so like so uh countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight um like you know well um um okay um the governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known well uh okay uh I mean like like like coronavirus death in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this you know I mean well like okay I mean I mean well country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now so um okay you know you know you know you know so at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain like so you know like um um you know so it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your you know so okay okay okay I mean you know uh podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you um so you know like like so uh so. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can I mean so like uh you know so well so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to um so well um uh well so you know make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without like you know like okay so uh so well anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or I mean so uh I mean uh like um um go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted um you know so well well I mean you know um to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We you know like well um I mean um uh um just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do I mean you know you know uh well um I mean okay a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star so I mean like well like you know okay so Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon um like you know um so uh well okay or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come I mean uh I mean uh okay um you know I mean for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka um I mean like um okay um um so achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon so okay you know you know like you know like um is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and like like okay uh uh I mean okay so I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric well um uh uh like um well you know lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We uh well uh you know um you know uh uh talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider um uh um you know I mean okay um like to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when uh I mean well like well you know uh um we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's you know uh um um I mean uh um so a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we have well um so uh I mean uh well uh to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim like like you know so I mean like like uh said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the um you know well well so um well um app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and I mean like um you know so like like well there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your um um okay I mean um um uh uh phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many uh I mean okay you know well I mean um well more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the um well well um I mean like uh like podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind you got well uh um well well uh well I mean to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do all well so um you know like okay um you know one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored uh well well okay like you know you know um on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? you know I mean uh um uh so I mean uh Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and YG's um um I mean uh well well okay so Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. I'm so like you know you know well so like you know um thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then you know uh well so I mean you know okay I mean topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes so um you know I mean okay so well so psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you um like um I mean so like okay well have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day so uh well so like okay so okay and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the well okay like um um I mean well well video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's okay okay so you know so uh like um like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end well uh well you know uh well well well a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other so you know uh um uh well you know so out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode like you know well so I mean well you know like of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the like well okay well uh I mean you know I mean basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own uh you know um uh um well like okay Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully well I mean uh like like I mean you know like like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, okay uh uh okay well uh I mean so I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file like you know I mean you know um so like uh coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? so um I mean okay so okay um well So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this um uh well um so I mean like I mean for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like so um okay like uh um um uh what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It okay well you know so you know so well you know is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local like well like like I mean so like well bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just well so like like um like so uh yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to like so okay you know you know I mean you know I mean the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are so like I mean you know uh uh okay so Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are uh um um well so okay uh um who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say um uh well well uh um you know um it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as so um so uh like uh uh you know you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see okay well so I mean I mean okay I mean I mean random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to I mean okay well um well well you know um fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and so well so like you know like okay uh I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State so like I mean um I mean I mean I mean okay Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to uh so uh like like uh okay um apply to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so so you know so okay well I mean so well proud of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she so uh okay uh so um uh well studied for her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played well well uh like so I mean I mean uh basketball NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a okay you know you know like um okay like okay lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence uh uh um um well okay so I mean. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some like uh like like well like I mean okay really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength so like okay okay so so you know uh to keep going in the face of some situations where she did not you know um well okay uh uh uh um think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human I mean okay uh uh you know well uh like design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and like uh okay okay I mean okay uh so energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not okay well I mean well well okay you know so working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment uh okay so so uh I mean I mean okay you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income so I mean like okay well like well so each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a like you know okay so so okay you know you know way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, you know well okay okay well um you know uh welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard uh uh okay okay uh um okay you know care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully I mean well well so well uh like like designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and well um um you know um um um um to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your so I mean I mean you know you know you know uh like entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the so uh okay well well okay well I mean link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas you know okay um like you know uh well uh this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat uh so um so so I mean well so will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and like so like I mean so um like you know at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring well you know okay like like you know so so speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 um uh okay so well I mean I mean I mean year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend I mean so well you know so like well I mean Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun so you know um um uh I mean like you know setting over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't I mean you know uh I mean uh like like uh as idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected I mean like well so I mean well um so himself with Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It you know you know like um uh well okay well was all wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced well well I mean like I mean so well so before he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of like you know okay you know okay um um um March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which so um I mean like like okay so so means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we like um so like I mean I mean like so saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP um you know like uh like so like okay was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were well okay uh I mean you know I mean I mean well expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a I mean okay so um okay I mean okay uh gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks okay I mean uh um well you know well I mean like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the fires like uh okay I mean you know okay okay you know and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the uh like you know uh you know you know I mean well stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I you know okay like okay like like okay like stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind so um well well um um so okay of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great uh you know well okay I mean like um like things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you I mean okay well so um uh uh uh do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in uh so like um I mean okay um uh their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and okay uh you know like so okay okay I mean I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because you know so well you know okay so well uh we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as so like I mean like uh okay you know okay we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you know I mean you know so okay um like like you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for your babies and you know well I mean well okay okay um okay connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best so you know so you know like like uh okay friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take you know uh uh uh okay uh uh you know your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level well I mean I mean okay I mean I mean um well up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and um you know okay well you know you know well I mean Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't you know so like like uh you know um um it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks I mean uh you know um I mean um well you know. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see you know well okay you know like well so I mean everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as okay like I mean you know uh um um uh well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel okay okay I mean I mean you know uh well uh good. And we're here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about uh like well uh um well okay I mean and I know you are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of um well like um you know like uh like that. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? okay well um okay so I mean um I mean Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic like okay um like so uh um so. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to I mean you know um you know okay you know um um build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it that so um well uh so you know so you know you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more so okay okay so well okay I mean well of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you um like okay like um I mean so like want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You well uh um um so um um so know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice well you know well so um like um um in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation uh I mean okay uh so so I mean you know notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you um so okay you know um well well I mean episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with um like I mean you know you know okay you know um inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of show okay like so I mean okay you know like I mean coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many you know um you know okay okay you know you know you know of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads um you know uh well well okay um like for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what I mean so so like uh you know um okay books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well um okay uh well you know so um um books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the I mean well I mean like okay okay so um ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In you know okay uh okay like you know so so the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've I mean um well well I mean you know well like read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you like so I mean like um like okay I mean guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long uh you know you know like well okay like uh time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put like you know I mean so like like well so these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so um like I mean well I mean I mean like um. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to okay so okay well well like uh I mean do but I will get to this but if you hear me say something like you know I mean okay um like so uh and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact I mean you know um um I mean I mean I mean well that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and okay you know you know well I mean so like okay actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really fantastic um um I mean uh so uh um well. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing like um um okay like um uh uh this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of okay so so I mean well I mean so okay professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our well like well uh uh um so okay podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website okay well so so uh well you know okay visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He um okay you know um like you know well okay is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone and um uh uh you know well so uh okay welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each so like um okay you know um like like week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the I mean like okay you know well you know uh uh fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions you know you know uh I mean I mean well I mean uh have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy well like um uh uh like you know I mean these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We so okay like so well okay okay like tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy like uh um um okay okay you know you know theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening uh uh okay okay like okay so so in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now I mean well like um I mean I mean you know you know ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here uh you know um um well um well um on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here like you know so uh so you know um okay to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give okay um like you know you know I mean okay you know you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time tuning so uh um um so uh well so in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress okay you know so so so like I mean you know no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course I mean okay uh I mean um okay so you know your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say so um well well well I mean like uh said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only okay well I mean okay I mean okay you know like first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan like I mean well so I mean um um um and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine uh you know like so okay uh um you know be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything you know I mean um okay okay well um um in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also well like okay I mean I mean um um um much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this like um um like like I mean uh um is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, okay like well like um you know uh I mean you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to well um so okay okay you know uh you know bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV uh well I mean okay uh uh I mean um talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this okay okay well uh okay um okay like show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling I mean uh well okay uh okay okay like. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You I mean so um um uh like um uh know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over you know like you know you know I mean you know well like here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team okay um I mean I mean I mean you know so you know married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I okay um you know you know well um you know uh may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a so well you know like uh okay well so reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby uh okay so I mean I mean so you know I mean hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other so okay well uh you know um um I mean alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to um I mean well uh you know you know uh well our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens okay you know I mean you know like um like like in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah uh um you know you know uh like you know well familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for I mean like you know so I mean you know so um this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to uh well okay well um you know so you know do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun like like well um so uh like well. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our kitten Nona I mean uh you know like like so so I mean if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you so uh um you know um well um um come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad okay like um um uh you know like you know. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that well okay I mean uh well I mean you know you know documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers like well well you know well okay I mean so the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians well um so uh uh you know well like about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind um well so you know I mean well well so the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen you know I mean like you know well I mean so I mean to. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with okay so like I mean well I mean okay uh the interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org um you know so like you know well well uh consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very so like uh uh um like I mean like first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live okay like I mean well um so you know like on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to okay I mean uh uh um I mean well okay hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience uh well I mean okay um so um um as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an uh okay well uh okay okay I mean like interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very okay uh um I mean so um um you know big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor well you know I mean like I mean like um uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools um so uh I mean okay I mean you know I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer you know uh like well uh well well um anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast um like so so um uh okay like and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum um well okay you know I mean like well you know listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download uh like you know so so I mean I mean I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank I mean um um um so like you know okay you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This um so okay um well you know well okay is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind okay like you know I mean uh I mean so uh of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little well like like so you know okay um okay bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you uh uh I mean well you know so um uh follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or so you know so like like you know you know um if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you I mean you know you know you know so okay well so can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or uh uh okay so okay I mean um you know wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on you know okay okay um I mean you know okay well Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search uh okay um uh um uh like well for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is I mean you know um well okay like well well the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you okay well okay uh I mean well you know like guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a well okay okay uh so um so well few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic I mean I mean uh um I mean uh like so this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across uh um okay okay uh okay like um the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just um like well um okay uh uh okay was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be like uh uh you know so I mean okay you know halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're um like so you know so okay okay you know ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you I mean so like okay um I mean uh like. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the so okay uh I mean I mean okay well I mean benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of I mean okay okay okay well you know well like Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning um uh uh uh I mean well um okay to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and okay you know well um um well you know so I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going um well I mean well so okay like you know to be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away you know um okay well well uh you know uh. I'm going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite okay uh like you know I mean uh uh I mean poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of I mean okay well okay so okay like you know fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I like you know okay I mean um um um so dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake so so um well like okay I mean like would that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on I mean you know okay so well um well well nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take um like um I mean well okay uh okay flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we well you know so um so you know uh okay the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no premise right uh uh well I mean well um I mean okay now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that I think like um uh you know uh okay I mean you know this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast with two like so you know okay okay uh you know uh white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I well I mean um okay uh uh like uh just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided to like so okay well um uh okay uh throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking like you know well okay like like okay like and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel uh you know uh well I mean okay like okay winter and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics so I mean um well um well well okay that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we uh uh um you know so like okay so introduce each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be um I mean um so well you know like so your last so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week uh uh um you know okay like uh like we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast I mean well okay uh you know uh so so came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what okay well well like I mean so uh like would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going like um okay like well so I mean like to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and like well you know um well okay well I mean hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea like like like I mean uh like well well in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke dad's okay well um well okay like okay okay there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting. Well, you know so okay so I mean uh like well that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I like I mean well well so I mean like uh just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh well well like well you know you know okay from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my mind that I'm um I mean well well okay okay I mean like out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I uploaded or well so I mean uh like you know uh like about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it. And what like so um okay I mean uh um okay else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to you know um I mean you know um okay I mean so all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great download anchor now like um like so uh um well I mean get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have well um okay well well uh well you know for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like uh okay like uh um so well like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need okay um you know okay you know okay I mean uh to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just okay um okay okay um so you know uh like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such you know like you know um okay you know so uh yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices like okay you know um I mean okay you know like is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down well well um well so well you know you know the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how uh like okay you know I mean so like you know most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to like well well okay um I mean okay um hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought like okay so you know I mean I mean you know okay and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking so um um okay well so like you know at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X you know like um well like I mean well I mean syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg okay I mean like so um uh uh so trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on okay uh I mean so well well um um the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of um well I mean okay like um I mean you know fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want uh so I mean so well so uh you know you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form I mean well okay so like okay I mean I mean. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee you know uh I mean uh so well you know well podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on well well so so um I mean so so weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you um okay I mean I mean well well uh so like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom like uh well well you know like you know well. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up I mean like so like well uh uh um Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with uh uh you know um so so okay um Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes uh so um um uh well I mean so and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what okay I mean you know well I mean you know you know okay you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm so you know okay uh I mean so uh so working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even um so okay so so uh so um see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe well I mean uh okay uh well um like that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are stuck well I mean so like you know uh I mean um here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often okay you know uh like um uh uh uh cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 like I mean like okay uh so you know okay of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and form like you know so like like um okay uh and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a I mean so you know okay well so you know well story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God uh like uh I mean okay like well I mean has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of uh well like you know okay I mean you know I mean our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a I mean uh okay um well like okay like fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, I mean um like well like well okay well so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with midterms like uh well like um um so so papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or uh well so like well I mean okay okay comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I like uh like uh well so so like guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came uh well you know uh so so well uh a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie I mean um well you know well um um well sensitivity case on page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in okay uh I mean well like you know I mean okay the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator so um like uh um you know um um of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in okay so um uh okay I mean uh well God Amy. Otto have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota uh so I mean I mean like I mean uh you know Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina I mean um I mean I mean like um um uh as he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me so uh okay okay you know uh uh uh I deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about so well okay um okay uh so so anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's so uh well so okay okay well uh free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have I mean I mean like you know I mean like so uh to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation I mean like like I mean uh um okay uh tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your I mean so uh um I mean uh so uh Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some like you know so like well well um okay studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where you know uh um so uh so well well you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in like well I mean you know I mean um well I mean each one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years I mean um um um um so like like. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for okay like uh I mean you know okay I mean well the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or I mean um I mean like I mean well like so whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today so um well so uh okay you know um I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering um uh so um so you know well well opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird um uh um so okay I mean uh uh weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and okay I mean you know um I mean um okay um it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I you know you know like like so um you know uh don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions I mean okay like you know well well I mean well for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting um well okay well uh like um well down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this you know I mean okay like so uh you know so episode were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's you know like um um like um you know you know loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres well okay um well well you know so so Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events well okay I mean okay you know uh uh you know from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify so so like I mean so I mean you know you know or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second uh you know you know like you know so well um match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that so well you know so well you know okay um podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreoncom um you know like so uh I mean like um. Slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you know like so um okay um okay you know you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are like you know uh uh you know like um so reading that week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori well I mean uh so so I mean you know okay events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in you know uh um um I mean well I mean okay that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you like you know uh you know like so um like know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd um I mean um well uh you know well you know very much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but okay uh uh okay okay like you know like it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we well you know I mean so you know like okay like offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill okay um well um well well uh well out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor I mean I mean well uh like you know um I mean e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since I mean uh well so so uh uh well we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a um um okay like you know uh I mean you know discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the conversation today okay uh uh uh um well you know well is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked well um um um uh um you know uh up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the uh like I mean so like so you know you know episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to um you know okay well so like okay um leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday okay you know so you know okay um you know okay morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest well you know I mean well like well like so some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what I mean I mean okay I mean you know okay well well we're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And you know I mean like you know okay like well well I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you I mean so uh well like uh um um cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes um I mean you know um well well I mean uh. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're like okay you know you know um so so you know / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your so so well uh um okay you know you know view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better um uh uh um I mean like okay you know showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals in uh well um I mean um I mean um okay American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged you know um uh you know I mean so well well with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use I mean so like I mean you know you know okay uh 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to okay well um well like uh uh I mean participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the so well so I mean I mean uh uh I mean hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking you know uh well uh okay um you know you know around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his well um I mean so you know so uh uh cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months like so okay well so like well I mean and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I talked um I mean so um like okay um um a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and like I mean like um so so well um why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be so um well so like so well you know at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on uh you know like I mean okay so well um what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source okay you know so like well okay I mean um and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time like uh well like well you know well well ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my apologies you know you know I mean uh um you know so I mean on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly what like so um uh so I mean um you know that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just be on I mean like well well okay um so you know the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed and you know um I mean um you know so I mean uh you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we okay well uh so I mean you know you know so chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something uh uh so so uh you know you know uh delicious and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic I mean like okay okay okay I mean like I mean on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted well so well um uh okay so well where we aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in um I mean okay like you know like uh like tuition and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about well um uh so well like um like three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the like I mean um like like well okay like world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious uh I mean uh uh like um so well subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most okay uh I mean you know uh like okay like fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short clips I mean uh um well well so you know um from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like like so well you know I mean um so like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really well uh uh well so well so okay is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen um uh uh like I mean you know so I mean to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the so okay so uh you know you know um well description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys uh so like uh well you know uh okay from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're you know okay I mean um well well uh I mean doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said well like like so um so you know uh with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but I mean okay like like so I mean you know like what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual um like you know like you know okay so uh name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location you know like um well okay um I mean you know just a block away for over four years going it to the University of um you know I mean uh uh um okay like st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more so like well okay okay okay uh uh voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and so um like okay like well um like holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding I mean um well I mean you know okay I mean uh before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an so you know I mean um well so uh like easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform you know uh you know well like uh so okay. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um uh you know I mean okay okay you know you know me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit okay uh like well you know um well I mean your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for like okay like so uh uh you know uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can well like well um you know like I mean like actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need you know so well um I mean um I mean uh to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the so uh well okay uh well um uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Rim well okay uh okay uh well I mean like. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting I mean okay like well you know um uh so with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week uh you know so uh like I mean um like. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, um uh so well well you know so okay sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going uh okay uh uh like okay like okay to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right uh uh I mean like um okay like uh lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside you know like uh I mean um so okay okay somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great like I mean I mean um okay well you know you know pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We got okay okay uh okay you know so I mean okay two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring a um so well so okay I mean like uh room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me just see okay uh uh okay like well I mean like. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's uh you know like so um well so I mean got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH AR like uh I mean you know like well so so. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we are organizing so um so so okay uh um you know a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at least a you know so um so um I mean like uh hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for so okay okay I mean um so so so work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast okay like well well okay well um um. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode you know uh okay uh um well well I mean 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a uh um you know okay well well you know uh month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible you know okay I mean so so well like um. We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes okay uh okay you know uh uh well like. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be so so well so I mean so um uh editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday well so well so um okay I mean you know morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud okay you know you know well um okay well like castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what I mean like okay um like like well like it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to you know you know so okay so I mean uh uh the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the like so okay you know like okay like you know authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing I mean well I mean okay um well well so conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle you know so like um okay well uh um. How do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the um I mean okay um I mean okay well uh postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work so okay uh so okay you know well like at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about the I mean well so uh so um okay so amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app I mean you know like okay like you know you know um. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of okay you know um like I mean uh okay you know mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh like um like I mean okay um like well my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to okay um okay uh you know like uh okay do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure okay you know I mean well so uh okay so that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we okay I mean I mean so you know I mean um like do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you uh uh you know uh I mean okay I mean you know don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's okay I mean okay so um you know um okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone well you know okay okay I mean um like I mean or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard I mean okay like I mean well like uh well on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your okay uh um um well I mean I mean like pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if I mean like I mean okay so well you know okay you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything I mean um uh uh well like like well you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England I mean so okay okay um well you know well. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab I mean um uh I mean like I mean I mean uh your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll okay um I mean okay you know okay like you know. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben okay so so uh you know uh so um Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's like like so okay I mean okay so uh really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so you know uh um um I mean um so like is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I well I mean uh well I mean um I mean uh should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at okay I mean uh like I mean so like like times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the like uh so uh like well I mean okay Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So uh uh well okay well um you know um what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no you know well um you know like I mean okay I mean need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, okay like I mean um I mean uh um you know this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point you know okay so well well okay so okay and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool okay I mean uh um uh um so okay. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients like I mean I mean you know uh you know I mean so and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together so okay well well uh um I mean um. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey um okay so like like okay uh you know that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she like um um like I mean you know you know you know likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see okay uh okay okay you know well so um where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy uh you know okay um you know uh I mean well cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch like uh uh like you know um so so of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and okay like okay uh like uh okay well you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either like you know I mean I mean you know so okay so. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with okay I mean uh so okay um uh okay a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a uh like like I mean well so you know well normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm Johan and so uh well okay well okay like um this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess we're okay I mean you know so so okay you know um going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news and I mean okay so okay okay um you know like I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump uh okay well like you know like so like and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, like well um okay um I mean um um yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay like okay you know uh so you know uh so look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time you know well I mean uh you know like I mean so and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want well I mean well you know you know uh okay well to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious like like well well I mean um okay well. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're like okay like like like uh I mean I mean talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he um uh like I mean okay you know well so tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I uh um you know so you know okay okay so mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah like well you know you know so so like well. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you like I mean I mean uh like like um well so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You um so I mean so uh I mean uh uh inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out well okay like um um so like like today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as a I mean so okay you know okay well uh okay church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity to like well I mean uh you know uh I mean so encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in you know like I mean so so so well um uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are well okay uh well well um uh so going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in okay uh so I mean okay okay I mean well our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this so um well you know like okay well uh episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We okay you know um I mean so I mean I mean like advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy so okay like uh um okay I mean uh January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland okay I mean you know you know you know so um well Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly uh um I mean uh uh okay uh uh lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come you know I mean okay um okay you know well so to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead uh I mean you know I mean okay okay okay so. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today well I mean um so well so uh uh. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a like um I mean so you know um uh well national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the like like uh okay um okay like um principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band okay like uh like okay uh um well in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of um um so okay like like well like of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the like like so okay like like you know I mean HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed well well okay uh uh uh like like second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals well I mean well like um I mean I mean well solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which okay um I mean so okay okay you know okay has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made okay so I mean um I mean um uh okay with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading well well um so so like uh um on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the you know um um I mean so like you know you know only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing um um um you know so um um um this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is okay well okay I mean so uh you know I mean Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler okay you know uh well uh um uh well you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this well um so so well okay um like episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is okay so uh okay well um uh okay the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like so so well well okay you know well you know to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd uh you know like okay um well um I mean FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, uh okay uh like so well uh okay I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had um I mean I mean so I mean okay so I mean only known it like five ten years before early because all I need you know you know uh okay I mean um uh like to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just like well um uh so um like um click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish uh well um like so like so you know it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and uh like so like well so you know I mean I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too uh uh you know I mean uh okay okay uh awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message well uh I mean like like like like so if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out um well um I mean so so so you know to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara uh like uh okay like um you know so. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the you know um you know okay I mean like like um one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is I mean I mean um so so um you know like the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about uh okay okay uh uh like well um that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by uh so um um uh uh um I mean selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you okay well like uh um I mean okay I mean a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked uh uh um so uh I mean I mean you know me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life like I mean you know um so well uh um. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life like okay you know so well um okay well changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I um so I mean uh um well um um walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't well uh um okay I mean I mean like uh working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters you know okay uh you know you know so I mean I mean kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need I mean like I mean um well like uh so to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a you know okay um uh um like um I mean seat right there. He said I want to tell you about something that I well okay like like so okay so okay found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right uh like so uh like um well like time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to um like so uh uh so okay well make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is well I mean um you know I mean I mean uh I mean Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got you know uh you know um you know well like um a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on well like so well well like I mean um Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's you know like um um uh so okay like going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying The coronavirus uh um well um so so well um care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I want you know I mean well okay well well you know okay to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something I've okay uh so uh well like I mean you know been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening you know well I mean like um okay okay like know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a well um like um like okay okay okay lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops well like so you know like like so I mean of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 you know uh well like I mean I mean I mean uh 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a um you know well okay uh uh like uh financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the so okay okay um well I mean you know so article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial so uh I mean um like you know um okay reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really loved well I mean so so you know uh you know um to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make okay okay okay okay well um so well productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they like I mean you know so I mean uh you know so discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement uh I mean I mean uh so like well like and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help uh so um okay like like okay uh her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is like you know well well well uh like like full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In I mean well okay like so okay so you know fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs um okay okay um um like like okay we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career well well um so I mean like like like paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking okay okay um I mean so so like so The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops I mean like um uh you know you know uh so. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena you know okay well um you know I mean well so Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified like like um I mean uh well okay like oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? like um okay uh um well so so Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to you know so like uh I mean okay well okay be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their okay uh so so so well okay so struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot well um so you know well so okay I mean beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's um um you know uh I mean you know like um fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that okay I mean okay so okay like well like you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney um I mean like so I mean so I mean so personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary research I mean okay so I mean okay I mean okay so keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed like okay so like um well you know I mean. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He well you know so I mean I mean okay um okay coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and um uh so okay like like uh like policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because so uh you know uh well you know you know okay the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast so so um uh um you know like you know. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to so so uh um I mean um I mean so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute I mean like I mean okay um like you know okay your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so uh well I mean um okay uh okay more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is well like um um like like okay so everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good you know okay uh so okay uh okay I mean Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth um I mean well uh uh okay so so talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means like I mean uh like so uh okay um wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is okay like I mean um you know you know uh you know not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's you know I mean um like you know um uh uh about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray so um I mean so okay um I mean like that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it so like uh you know so uh well uh will be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read so I mean like well uh well like uh from John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I I mean I mean uh well okay uh I mean well Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will like I mean like well uh I mean um um remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain I mean so so okay so um like um in his love I have told you this so that my joy may so you know you know well well like uh well be in you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each okay uh uh so well I mean uh you know other as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to uh I mean so okay you know well you know like lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I I mean I mean I mean I mean well you know um uh want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I I mean I mean uh like so I mean well I mean hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make well um okay you know I mean like okay okay podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh well well um you know um um um your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you well you know I mean like like well so I mean. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you okay um uh um so um I mean so can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast like you know okay you know you know like okay like download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's you know well okay you know you know um like like up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book okay uh so well uh uh uh you know one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history so uh okay um like okay um you know and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half um I mean so I mean um you know you know you know Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just you know I mean I mean well I mean um well uh playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with I mean like you know you know well okay you know so formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to I mean like I mean so like you know I mean I mean you is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on I mean well like okay um okay well okay YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This is just like um okay you know okay well um uh for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the so um well like okay okay so you know car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this like I mean well so I mean I mean you know so audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave us a I mean um uh you know well so um you know review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this well I mean like uh uh so uh uh episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard well uh um uh I mean you know like like of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney uh okay well I mean well you know well um on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love I mean so I mean so you know so well uh him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply I mean uh uh uh well you know well like cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest okay uh I mean um like um you know okay export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay okay so uh so like you know you know well emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading so you know well so you know well I mean so shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully so so like so well okay um you know but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on uh okay you know so like so um uh Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have well you know like like like okay like uh its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user I mean I mean you know I mean you know you know okay okay and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik like you know okay uh you know you know um I mean environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at I mean okay like okay I mean uh well okay The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments um okay like well so um I mean you know. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't so I mean I mean okay well okay so you know guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be well you know you know you know okay uh well I mean multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at um so um I mean you know um like uh College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions okay I mean uh I mean you know I mean uh so or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you well um uh so okay so okay okay doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here um well um uh like you know well okay. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for you know I mean okay uh so I mean like like today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started uh I mean so okay like like like um with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a I mean well you know uh uh um well uh good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely uh I mean um um so um well well hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about uh you know so like well um so like in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I so okay well I mean so like well I mean came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way um um uh uh I mean well you know okay to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me I mean well so well so you know I mean so to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools uh like okay you know okay like so um that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer uh you know okay I mean so well well okay. You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and I mean um okay okay so I mean I mean you know anchor made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my well well so you know um so like um phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place okay uh so well um uh well uh. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the uh okay so you know well okay well like Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an like like okay you know I mean you know like I mean exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew um I mean okay you know like uh um uh chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how I mean so I mean you know um I mean you know so it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say I mean so you know um you know I mean well uh this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this uh okay well you know you know I mean okay uh way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun I mean like uh uh well so well you know to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f okay so uh like you know um well like m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need to okay okay so so um okay you know uh record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including um like like I mean so well like you know Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money so well well I mean uh I mean well so with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go so like like um you know okay I mean so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in uh so like you know so okay uh you know Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis um you know uh so you know like um okay co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by you know uh uh okay so like well um Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a I mean like okay you know so you know okay uh song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 like like um well like okay you know I mean at Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five so you know well I mean like well well uh beers on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try well like so so you know well I mean okay and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two you know okay like okay so you know so uh episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend okay um well um okay I mean I mean so Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then I mean so so so uh well okay um encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or um okay I mean um so okay so well did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like okay you know I mean you know you know uh so um this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due okay uh so so I mean I mean like you know to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes I mean like you know uh like uh so I mean discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one okay um I mean you know so so I mean uh word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a you know so uh you know okay um uh well podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow um okay uh you know like um uh well you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once uh you know so you know um uh so um you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too like I mean uh so you know so like so many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only you know I mean like uh so okay um I mean is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's um okay so I mean uh I mean well so possible for you to make money talking about the things that you love with no so uh uh well okay like so well minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good I mean okay uh you know well you know okay um to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready so I mean so um uh okay um um for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show. So so like well so well so you know like I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just beginner so um you know so well uh you know well podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in the okay you know uh okay so well like okay morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that um uh uh you know like uh uh okay. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our well okay okay uh well you know okay um little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the okay I mean well like uh like so I mean first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like um you know so I mean like you know so I mean you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love okay like you know like like you know uh so for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can uh well so like so like like I mean do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've well so I mean you know you know I mean um I mean got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and so okay okay like um well okay you know a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand I mean like I mean um I mean uh um um titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we uh well um um I mean well I mean I mean get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about well um so you know like well like I mean making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures like uh well so well like I mean you know in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that enables um well well uh okay uh well you know children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends based on age like um like um uh I mean well uh interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect uh um um uh you know okay you know you know with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host okay you know like I mean like okay like well many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you okay well you know okay you know um well uh haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest I mean well so like well okay uh I mean most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no minimum uh like well uh I mean um I mean like listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record and I mean so like like well you know okay like edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast okay uh um like uh you know like um for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and like I mean well so I mean so um like the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a podcast in so well um uh you know um like you know one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or like well you know you know uh okay you know okay go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the so uh like uh okay well uh you know True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness you know um so so so I mean um okay nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know I mean well like like you know well so uh about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and um like um uh like like um okay pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with uh I mean okay um well okay uh um and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions well like uh like you know you know like like in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that um you know well you know um I mean I mean uh stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our you know so um so uh like uh okay belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want um okay okay uh okay I mean so well to start with the in book because and Pete I saw you put well I mean uh um you know like I mean okay out a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and you know um like so like like well well I put out a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived you know like uh well um I mean uh like I thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check uh well okay okay you know you know um I mean out your list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast. I um well like like okay okay like um hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to you know so uh like um you know so so life again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of I mean you know so like I mean well okay okay the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today okay well well like you know so so well. I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, okay you know um well okay I mean like okay he is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's like um okay okay okay I mean you know I mean right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the like okay well so so okay okay okay Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell so I mean uh okay I mean well I mean well me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for um so you know I mean uh okay you know you know the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is so so you know well well uh well okay also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia so um you know you know okay I mean like I mean will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as like okay um um so well uh um all the singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo so you know well okay so I mean uh so three, so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the well so I mean uh well like like uh key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella okay okay um like like I mean so well empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't um uh so I mean so um okay uh have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating well uh you know so I mean um so you know they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this so like so well so well um so is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome um well well you know so you know like okay to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not okay like well uh you know um so I mean joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like so um I mean well well I mean like you know I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the so so okay I mean I mean uh okay I mean course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, like like uh okay well okay like well I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your so like I mean okay um I mean I mean well hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about the um okay um okay so you know you know you know Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a apple uh you know um so I mean uh like okay podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and um so well okay like um um well leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support you know okay so okay you know well um so yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer um so well um okay uh uh you know is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails um uh you know like like I mean well like done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you like uh uh you know I mean well um um how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it uh um um so so so uh uh takes years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was uh uh okay you know uh well so um born who would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It you know so okay you know so so like um would take years for police to connect him to four other murders years and well um I mean I mean okay well okay like a clever. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee well like okay so like so you know well hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup um like um you know well uh so so of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was well like um okay I mean like so I mean murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the uh uh like um okay I mean I mean um investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let me I mean okay you know you know well uh um well tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain uh well I mean I mean uh uh like uh first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you I mean uh so so like I mean so so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and okay you know uh so like like like I mean anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on I mean well well so like you know well uh Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you I mean I mean okay so you know you know you know well can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to okay you know well um well uh well like make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get uh uh I mean like you know so um um your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- um I mean uh um I mean okay um I mean to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen like okay um I mean uh like okay like to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in okay you know I mean you know well like well you know one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue like well um so uh like like so of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of uh I mean uh uh so I mean well like my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good so uh well like so well I mean so day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's on like you know so I mean well uh you know I mean earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like that's that's us you know I mean um uh uh uh well like passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great stuff like so so like like I mean well uh in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second I mean uh um uh you know uh like you know to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to well so so well so okay like well make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you uh you know so um well so you know okay to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will you know I mean so well um like so uh distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case uh well I mean um I mean you know like um and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and okay well so so um uh okay so it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app like I mean like um well you know so I mean or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going so well so uh okay I mean so okay to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen uh well well um um so I mean so to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you uh you know you know I mean um you know like okay by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution side um uh okay um you know uh okay well and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's um you know uh uh like so okay um definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will like like okay I mean um okay so so help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also has a uh okay okay like so like well like lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone okay like you know okay uh um like uh or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all um I mean um like well uh um okay in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor I mean well well like okay you know uh like or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And so um I mean I mean uh uh so okay it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think so uh I mean uh I mean you know so you know I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom so okay like okay like well like well wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to uh you know okay well so you know well I mean hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven okay well you know so well you know um I mean I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over uh you know you know uh okay like uh okay I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I like I mean like so well um okay okay came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend so you know um um so I mean uh um for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think you know uh well um you know um uh so I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in okay okay I mean okay I mean well uh like chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to uh like okay uh um okay well I mean guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're I mean okay well uh you know so well um passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished guests okay uh okay well well I mean like like and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I'm your host you know well you know you know you know so so uh. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm like well okay okay you know you know like okay joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can uh uh okay well um okay you know like like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and okay well okay you know so like um so Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by clicking uh okay I mean you know uh like like like visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you're I mean uh so okay um I mean um okay enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask that is um uh well okay so like well well my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old Nate um you know um like like uh okay you know nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh so like um you know so so you know so the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you I'm going like okay I mean um um like well okay to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason we're I mean okay uh you know okay I mean okay uh looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to I mean like I mean uh well um okay I mean disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even a uh uh you know you know okay you know well I mean couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months to a year okay like I mean like like well well well. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business so like like okay well uh okay like owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking well so uh um uh you know um uh for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you um okay well okay like um okay um know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week you know okay uh I mean uh like uh uh because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I so okay you know okay uh you know I mean so realized so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I well well well like like um you know I mean read this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of well um like I mean I mean um I mean okay made their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to okay well so I mean I mean I mean uh well do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it um I mean I mean you know I mean so you know okay. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so okay okay uh uh um you know I mean well hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest um so um um like well I mean uh for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for so um okay I mean I mean like so uh the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on you know so um well well like okay um the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest you know um well okay like like um I mean. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge well well um I mean so well you know um today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a kid uh like so uh I mean well you know uh. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 uh like um um so uh um uh years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted um I mean well okay I mean uh I mean uh to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a um well so like so I mean so I mean trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of Legends you know you know okay so I mean you know okay you know of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter um like like like um you know um like of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome okay you know well um well I mean like uh to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the um I mean you know uh you know you know um okay legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside I mean uh um you know um I mean I mean uh of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a okay like uh uh I mean okay well well bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our like um okay so you know um you know um schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen I mean okay well okay well well so well to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free uh um well well so uh uh okay without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable so uh well I mean I mean uh I mean you know topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode uh um uh uh so well um so premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily you know I mean um like you know you know well I mean share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't um I mean uh I mean um okay well you know done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search okay you know like you know like I mean um well for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab you know um so um so you know you know okay. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily so well I mean so you know I mean like well. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and um well I mean um so like um uh other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic hip like like I mean um so I mean well I mean dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior you know um um I mean I mean so like like and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years like I mean well um you know you know well like of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may so okay you know you know okay you know like I mean be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are um like like I mean um like I mean well traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are like you know uh um like like well like more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common than so you know um uh um so like like hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 I mean okay like well I mean you know um I mean may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall so um you know uh I mean okay so you know the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at so um okay I mean well you know well you know lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all like um so um um I mean like I mean that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the you know uh uh um you know um okay um unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So okay uh you know uh um okay okay like if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello well uh uh okay okay I mean uh um everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of so okay okay I mean like I mean like um you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there uh I mean well you know um so like okay were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about well um I mean okay well um I mean well it. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this I mean um okay uh you know um like so is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I I mean like um like you know you know I mean okay think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is okay you know you know uh okay uh like like about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually I mean so okay okay like uh so well did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and you know you know uh um okay uh I mean I mean her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most so um you know um okay um so uh Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets to like you know I mean so well like well so come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you uh you know um you know I mean you know well uh want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys, so I mean well okay okay well so I mean this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about uh uh I mean you know I mean I mean so you know to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At I mean uh so uh uh um uh like Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to I mean so so um so um uh well come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about um you know um like I mean okay like I mean core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know like like okay like okay okay so okay what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled uh well um you know okay um um okay programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our okay you know you know I mean like I mean so you know Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the uh okay so like uh um you know I mean American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate uh uh well um okay you know I mean well the flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on like like like okay I mean so so I mean the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our so uh well like well like okay okay urgent call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but on um like I mean okay uh so like um Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I okay well so okay uh well well I mean saw it. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few I mean um okay so well well so so people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to so you know uh uh so uh I mean okay the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm okay you know um like well okay okay you know here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're you know I mean uh I mean um so I mean um the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, you know I mean well you know uh okay so I mean it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead uh you know like I mean like okay so I mean of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please um well you know well so um like um reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six like well well so I mean okay you know okay seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can you know well I mean like so I mean um so be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget so so I mean you know well I mean uh I mean or family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you so okay um well um uh I mean you know find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I like okay okay like well well I mean okay am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads uh so like so okay like well you know weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports well I mean uh um uh well okay I mean cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it okay you know I mean okay like so uh so honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out like um okay okay uh I mean uh okay of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my well you know well uh so um you know well head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas like I mean well okay you know well well I mean. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It like so uh so well so I mean okay moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, so um I mean uh you know I mean you know so where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not I mean um uh I mean so you know so well a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and um like uh so okay well so well a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not you know well uh I mean okay I mean uh well today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our um so you know uh like so like like last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We well uh uh okay okay well I mean um thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload okay so uh like like so you know you know we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some like okay like um like you know uh I mean of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first like um so you know okay I mean um I mean topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash uh okay I mean um I mean um I mean okay to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and uh I mean okay I mean I mean so well I mean evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking like like you know like you know I mean uh um to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development you know like you know um well well I mean um trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip uh um so like I mean okay I mean um Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or uh like um um so I mean like you know the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books okay okay um uh like like like uh. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the I mean um so okay I mean so like well wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is like like okay okay like like you know so that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been well okay like you know so I mean uh okay recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you so so uh well uh you know okay so like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the you know okay so you know okay um so um podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we um um you know you know well well I mean so try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, like um uh okay well well so okay if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're well okay I mean like like like okay uh just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like I mean like well so I mean I mean well like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow like so well okay okay okay I mean well but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and you know okay okay I mean you know um so um Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll you know so like um you know okay um um figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast um you know you know so uh like like well is first time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey, okay you know um uh you know so I mean like you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to like deep okay so so like well I mean like um talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try to start like you know um well well uh well you know a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross okay I mean I mean um you know you know you know so margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model X like um so uh um okay like um on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial perspective uh okay you know well well like okay okay. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row podcast. I I mean um okay well I mean well uh uh came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and we're talking well so so um like I mean well I mean about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like I mean okay you know like so um you know uh a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire like uh like uh you know like uh you know. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five okay um uh um like okay okay uh and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared um uh like well like you know uh I mean to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a so like like uh so you know like well really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla like like um uh I mean like okay like as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy I mean like like I mean so well okay okay new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would okay uh okay like well okay well okay love and the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling you okay you know well um like okay you know um about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use I mean um uh I mean I mean um um well for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone you know uh I mean okay like I mean uh well computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it like I mean I mean I mean you know um well like doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast um uh like I mean like I mean um so more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need well uh okay so well so I mean uh in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast uh okay I mean like okay um uh so I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This I mean uh okay you know I mean you know so you know is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think well okay okay uh um like um um anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine uh you know I mean like so I mean you know I mean that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick uh like uh like like uh like you know in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're having uh so you know uh you know so um you know fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice I mean like well um uh I mean well like Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation like I mean like well um I mean I mean like with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff game well like uh uh so like um uh that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer so okay you know okay like uh I mean so. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that uh uh I mean you know uh you know okay okay you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough so so um um well so uh um for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other I mean you know okay well I mean I mean um well things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say uh well well um uh well uh well you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time uh okay well uh you know like I mean I mean. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, you know okay uh I mean I mean uh so you know though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no further uh like uh okay well you know like um. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast well so you know um so um so okay. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your like okay like so like so like like content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from uh uh well you know so you know okay you know your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you know you know I mean um like like so I mean don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple um uh like like I mean you know like so and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm your like I mean I mean I mean okay well you know like podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast in I mean well like you know okay well like uh one place. You have something to say you want to get it out. You want uh well like uh so um uh so to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and so so um well well um you know uh hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about well you know so like okay like uh well anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a well okay you know okay like you know so so hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your like like so well well um so so podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we I mean you know well um uh okay you know well do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple so so okay I mean you know I mean um so podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn like I mean I mean I mean uh like well uh money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast like uh you know well I mean uh okay I mean and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f okay like okay um like well like uh m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that um you know uh um so so so well allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My uh well uh um I mean I mean you know I mean name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of uh well okay okay like uh you know you know my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you you know okay um you know like I mean so you know and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly so I mean okay okay I mean I mean um you know who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy um okay um okay you know you know like like. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee I mean so um uh I mean like so like but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai. I'm so like you know like well like you know um promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and me honking okay uh so I mean okay so so I mean honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to our full um um um you know um uh okay you know Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good answers. Hi, you know you know so well um like you know um I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on good desert has a I mean so I mean you know like so you know I mean podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin uh you know um well like uh I mean so. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the I mean uh you know I mean so I mean like okay top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes okay so I mean like um okay okay okay to us from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by you know well um I mean so okay I mean um an Unstoppable group of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the well you know well so well you know um you know world until deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything you know so well uh so uh uh okay for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here. Day to our like um uh I mean um okay like you know March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The so so okay um so you know uh you know Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while well okay you know you know I mean like I mean okay it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 well uh you know like well I mean um uh over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood of um uh um you know you know uh okay well Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come close um so okay okay uh like I mean uh. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you hear this um uh so you know I mean you know like like more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close some of already um well like okay you know um like well coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't well well so like you know um okay um invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There uh well well um you know like so well is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast like you know well well uh okay I mean I mean. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So I mean um like so you know so okay you know on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind so uh uh I mean so like like like of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories I mean so uh uh like like uh like. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll uh well well I mean like you know like okay call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and okay okay so like um okay um um what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person I mean I mean well so um um okay well apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what would like you know uh like I mean okay so you know that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are talking you know well um like I mean you know like um about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk uh I mean well well so like well I mean of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail so I mean uh so okay so well um from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to talk like I mean um I mean like like well like less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact um okay you know uh um I mean okay you know just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get into um um uh um so I mean well um the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me like you know um um like well well okay P frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo um you know um I mean you know like I mean well no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s like um so um you know you know so like rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's well so well so like so um so for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, uh well okay so well uh I mean you know welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also um okay so uh well well you know I mean gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster you know I mean okay uh um you know you know well rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough well uh um I mean I mean uh so um social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I so okay well um okay um well I mean love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes um uh like okay okay you know so uh whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But I mean okay well so okay um so you know now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those no-good greasers so you know okay so uh like like you know and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your host Emily uh like like okay um I mean okay you know Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it I mention it on Twitter and uh well okay so uh um uh you know it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray you know so so like you know like like okay Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am uh like okay I mean I mean uh uh okay so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr uh you know I mean um okay uh you know so. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also like well you know like uh uh so you know the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love you know you know okay like like okay uh I mean helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join uh okay I mean like um uh um so us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful uh like you know so you know you know um you know techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks I mean uh well like uh you know so so like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their so like okay so so I mean so you know biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich so so okay I mean you know okay I mean well full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to you know you know I mean you know well well you know you know find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards well uh you know so like you know um uh areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help uh you know um I mean I mean okay um like conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically Grace uh so you know uh I mean so uh uh as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the like uh um I mean you know so uh um mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness uh so um um um you know okay uh consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find okay you know you know I mean uh well like you know their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is I mean I mean well well um um well you know the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the uh like okay like uh well uh you know today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags so like uh um so so well okay. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream you know so I mean uh I mean like uh um big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got family you know like okay well I mean well so so in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, well like well uh like uh like okay bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This you know okay uh like well um so well ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking to like you know so you know um like um I mean you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real so I mean you know so well um like like talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to do um I mean okay um I mean well okay so is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth so um I mean uh so like okay so nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, you know well like well um uh like you know cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just uh you know you know okay like I mean uh uh just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace like you know well well I mean well like I mean certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today I mean um I mean well you know uh um um. I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and uh so um I mean uh so I mean like I met let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago so like okay like you know um okay okay. It's hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health like you know um I mean well you know uh well. All of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about so okay like you know well I mean like uh when we get together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we so well um you know well like okay like haven't chatted in a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She uh I mean uh um um uh so um has spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever so so okay um um you know like uh I met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going like okay you know like like well uh well to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good um you know so okay um um I mean like discussion. I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to uh so okay uh um like so uh do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are I mean you know well like uh I mean uh I mean those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we I mean uh um like well uh uh you know are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo okay so like like I mean like I mean so. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you you know I mean well I mean like um uh you know can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends okay um okay I mean well okay um I mean for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to tell you know like well okay um I mean so uh you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at Gabe's uh like okay um uh um um um and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan at I mean um so I mean okay so I mean you know electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store. I've always like uh um well well well well well wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today on I mean well you know like you know so uh uh the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay like um um um I mean I mean you know well to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and like like you know so so I mean so well the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent uh like okay uh okay I mean you know um in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards Ascension um okay um so okay um so uh. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined by okay like like um uh well well I mean terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers in another uh um like you know um well like well episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it okay I mean so I mean well so I mean um might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am like okay well like okay well okay um doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang well um you know like I mean I mean I mean I mean now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about the you know you know you know uh okay um you know well Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it so okay well okay uh I mean so like where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two uh I mean I mean so um I mean uh like hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that uh I mean um uh like like so like Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time um so well um so uh well well. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good um okay you know so uh uh like um and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like well like you know um well like you know you know I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional you know okay uh like I mean uh so uh content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of okay so um okay I mean so I mean okay the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're um well well well okay I mean uh you know exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network well you know I mean uh uh you know you know you know. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us like uh like like so I mean okay um explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the uh well you know you know you know you know I mean like True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify okay okay so um you know I mean uh you know or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will you know like um okay I mean I mean okay I mean be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What okay uh um well uh like I mean I mean motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back uh so uh okay uh I mean okay you know with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In well I mean like um well well I mean so the last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and um um um I mean you know you know okay you know up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt well okay like you know you know okay like I mean and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries uh I mean well like well okay well I mean now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week well um well um okay um so uh the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is okay you know like I mean uh well well uh with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who you know you know so like so so like okay get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is okay you know so okay well okay uh uh based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of you know um okay I mean so so uh well things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for I mean so uh you know um so so well them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career uh well well like okay so so um showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone um well um um well so um so to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the like okay um uh well okay okay okay host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life you know you know uh like I mean okay so you know. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for uh like so okay I mean um um um sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one well um I mean like I mean uh so well. Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well uh okay I mean you know so um I mean um Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say I mean you know um I mean um well uh um hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure like I mean um like like you know um you know as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you like okay you know you know okay I mean well well here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on uh okay like like you know uh I mean so the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler uh like so like I mean you know like like on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday like well uh I mean okay uh I mean well after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks well I mean uh uh so well um uh. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you well like like I mean I mean you know okay um folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a um you know I mean um so well um I mean thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology um uh I mean um so uh you know like. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the I mean well um um um um like okay most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a uh so I mean like um um okay you know worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death so well um okay you know I mean like uh. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred I mean well you know you know I mean uh um like and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow uh okay well um uh I mean you know well far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on like okay okay well uh so so okay death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman so uh uh uh well you know uh okay who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He like like you know you know okay so you know like was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's so so like I mean so well okay well the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents so you know so okay like so you know okay anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even um uh like so I mean well you know well more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been well well okay um I mean well uh well the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all well like I mean okay you know you know um okay you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible um well uh like like well you know like until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us go um you know like okay so so well you know to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below I mean I mean like okay um uh uh well. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty so uh um okay well uh so I mean Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who um so like like uh so um you know dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy well okay well well so well okay like your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be so like so you know I mean uh uh you know a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother okay okay well so uh okay uh you know was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so um like um um well uh so so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits um like like um well so okay you know to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that okay I mean so well well like so um again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I well I mean you know so so okay so um love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and well well I mean uh so uh you know okay I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh okay uh well well okay um like like. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh like like okay um uh so so so my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to uh so um I mean like uh okay okay see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing you know you know well so like okay I mean like the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk so so so um okay I mean so okay about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative I mean so I mean well well well like well Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other uh okay well well um so well I mean artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this uh I mean I mean okay I mean okay you know like podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk okay like like you know like well okay you know about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and um you know you know well um like like so ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen I mean um so okay so okay like okay since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go well okay so um um okay like well beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the you know um you know you know so like uh well record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least well like uh uh I mean you know like okay until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove you know I mean like well well well so you know prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges I mean uh well well okay okay uh you know a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough uh okay like like you know you know I mean you know experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as like I mean well so well uh so okay I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met like I mean I mean uh um uh okay I mean the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when um uh so um you know like okay um I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to well I mean um okay um uh I mean um do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated okay uh I mean I mean I mean you know um well so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My um I mean I mean you know you know like like like name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the well like you know um you know okay like like thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you so like uh you know I mean okay uh like just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why you know like I mean uh like I mean so uh would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We okay you know okay you know you know you know I mean well don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when I mean well well well I mean you know you know okay the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought like you know you know okay um okay like like it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show well so you know so uh so so like for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll well um uh like well well uh um The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? uh uh um okay I mean well um you know That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so well okay okay you know like like like um money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd so okay like um I mean so you know like say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five um you know okay okay uh like okay um dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably um okay uh um um I mean uh so Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy uh you know okay well okay I mean okay well a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like like so um well I mean you know well I mean a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya so um um uh I mean well so I mean Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is uh well you know um uh you know so like the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for uh okay um um I mean so I mean you know the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week um okay well so you know uh so I mean and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on you know like uh uh okay well okay well the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the I mean okay well well um I mean like uh molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover uh you know well well okay so like well DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin well so I mean um I mean you know well I mean. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew up in uh so um well well you know like you know London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught women about okay so okay um okay you know well I mean science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be a like I mean uh you know you know okay you know uh And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is like okay well um um like um like our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you well uh so uh um like um okay hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God like you know you know like I mean like I mean um is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and you know um um like so uh like uh I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture uh okay well so like uh so um is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless like okay uh like like well um okay you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon will uh well okay you know um well um okay probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The well well you know okay um well I mean uh Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast so like well um I mean you know okay so. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community so like um well so uh so well of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate um like um I mean okay okay uh so online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology uh I mean um you know uh I mean I mean okay club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads like um like uh I mean okay okay so are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting I mean like um like okay well you know well with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications like um you know okay like I mean so uh at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what well so um uh uh like um uh we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to well so like so like you know like so take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible um okay okay you know like okay well well to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually um like uh like uh like so um having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record well um okay well okay uh I mean well each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet so you know so like you know I mean I mean I mean a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different so you know um okay uh you know well like software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we you know um uh well I mean you know like so need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer you know I mean so I mean okay like so um tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make I mean well uh so you know okay I mean okay money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better well uh you know like okay um like so be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that I mean you know so you know like uh uh uh the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way uh uh okay well uh like okay well to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for free well you know so well well um well I mean. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use right from your um uh okay so like I mean you know like phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow you to record uh I mean you know like um so you know like and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will help you distribute like you know you know okay uh um so well the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like we do you can be okay I mean um you know I mean um like well heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You can also you know well so you know well you know I mean um make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor well well you know well like well so so app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond farewell okay so so you know like so like I mean at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy okay you know so you know I mean um well you know Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me like you know um um okay uh like um. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't okay you know well so uh you know you know so particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between you know um um so okay well well um Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins like so you know so well uh uh so. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go so you know like I mean uh um so um back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this well well I mean um um you know um so was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was okay well uh um okay um you know okay some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the I mean I mean uh like uh uh like uh sustainable development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and so so so so you know okay you know so Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's I mean uh so so um okay okay um STG talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another I mean um um um uh uh so okay 10 years to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance I mean um um um uh like like um for a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things well I mean uh I mean okay you know you know well happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then um okay um um um I mean okay uh it doesn't end up working out for object data is currently a PhD student I mean uh well so okay you know like I mean at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with so I mean you know uh uh um okay okay a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, like so well I mean well I mean okay so so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase like well so okay um okay well well and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that okay uh um I mean okay uh so um dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow and I um um so you know uh like um so worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really high profile job, and you know like like like like well uh you know I did and I started a business. And for two years, I worked hard to I mean you know so well well you know uh okay get it off the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with I mean you know so well like uh like so anything in my life. And I got so aligned and the business started and uh you know like um so uh you know like I got everything I wanted and more and it was huge and it um I mean um like well so you know you know launched in a way more than I could have ever asked for no not okay I mean you know you know you know so you know uh more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that well I mean um um so like um like I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you um so you know okay uh uh well you know know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have uh so like um I mean okay like um a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're you know well um I mean um like um uh just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart like okay like um um uh you know so. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you well so okay like you know okay like like know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was like like I mean you know so um um okay enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful uh so uh well okay uh okay um ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can you know I mean you know I mean so I mean uh you know be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah uh um I mean you know um like like um blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your okay like uh you know well like uh I mean host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have you know I mean um so like so like like TNT Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing um uh um so you know so so like so that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We um I mean I mean you know so um okay well have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power you know like well uh you know like okay uh suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have so so okay okay like um well I mean you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think you know so I mean well well okay well uh it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and like okay so uh you know well like like a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed like um well um like I mean so so in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little um like uh you know so well well okay lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you um uh well well you know uh I mean like are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you uh I mean um like uh um well like keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going well you know I mean uh uh I mean like uh to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got like so um I mean uh so um okay a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode uh so um you know like I mean uh um of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today I mean I mean um um you know I mean uh well. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually um like so um like um like um going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian you know you know like okay so okay I mean I mean is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going I mean so like okay okay you know um like to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be uh okay like uh like I mean um like the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples you know okay well you know well like well um Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box I mean like you know okay you know like like you know the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it you know you know you know well like I mean so so is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and I mean so okay well well so you know um you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about okay you know okay um so so well like anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that you know like I mean so you know like like okay is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for you know like like you know so you know I mean I mean free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you okay I mean so I mean so I mean like so can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as like so okay so I mean okay well you know good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have so you know well uh like um well well recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it like you know well um like okay uh you know can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You well um okay okay like you know well like can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor you know okay I mean I mean uh so like well right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F okay you know like like I mean um so well m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would okay uh uh well like well um I mean be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life well well so uh you know um you know so during wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a so like well like like I mean well like husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite uh so well you know well you know um I mean the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles along uh uh um okay um I mean I mean like the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes well so um well well well you know uh just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view German soldiers coated I mean uh I mean I mean I mean okay okay well the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the I mean well uh like okay well uh so river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing I mean so well um um okay you know um show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles all uh so like like well I mean well I mean the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about a courageous um I mean um um you know so like okay woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania is an island um I mean like so I mean well uh you know near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo you know so uh I mean you know well like like were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was one well uh okay um well so like so of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and so um okay um okay I mean I mean um brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a leader and love I mean you know like uh uh well I mean like living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on I mean so like well like well like you know. Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of okay uh you know you know okay I mean okay I mean our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so um okay like okay uh so I mean you know excited. I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able um well so I mean uh well okay okay to combine everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love um um okay um okay I mean well you know retreat in May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is like like uh you know um like okay you know he going to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there well so like I mean so you know so you know with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth like I mean like I mean okay like like well here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the so so I mean I mean you know I mean like okay very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, uh you know so like okay you know uh like they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase well um well like um uh I mean well want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I mean okay so okay um I mean uh okay I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how uh um okay like uh well so well we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot uh like okay I mean well so so you know f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different uh uh so um you know uh so um platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or I mean um I mean I mean um I mean um like a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to uh you know you know well you know well like well get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in you know you know well uh well uh you know like doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf you know so so okay um like okay well 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal um uh I mean um well uh I mean so and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our I mean like you know you know well uh okay um skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York like I mean you know so you know you know you know so City office is right now and every time he needs to make a change uh um you know um um you know well well she has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, you know uh um uh I mean okay so so don't listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary well um you know okay um so uh so sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record you know so I mean um okay you know so well to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside well like okay like so like um I mean. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right like I mean I mean um like um okay okay. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig uh you know um well you know like um okay around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I mean uh well well I mean I mean you know uh I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me uh I mean you know you know you know so so like and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that okay you know well okay um well well I mean. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host like uh okay okay so so well uh future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's so so uh I mean you know okay um uh going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody okay uh okay uh so so well okay our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain well so well so um like well um Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come uh I mean well like so I mean you know you know back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the goal so um I mean um okay you know uh um is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let like I mean I mean well uh like so okay me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start uh well you know I mean uh you know well I mean out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch so um um uh well okay um so of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should you know um well uh uh you know well you know do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite um so I mean okay I mean well you know uh podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become um so well I mean uh you know um uh a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them okay so okay uh you know I mean um um offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and I mean I mean so like you know um so well also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so um um like you know um so uh um already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast you know um like I mean well uh I mean okay in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular Mom. I'm you know so okay um I mean well uh like a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had some uh you know um well okay you know okay uh shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of which well well well you know like um you know well is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past okay I mean so you know okay I mean you know so. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like okay so uh um uh so uh like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my okay you know well uh well so I mean okay bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a um okay um well you know uh you know well few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of the well so you know okay uh you know um so unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it hand so okay uh uh well um uh um you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake well you know so so well you know you know so you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel I mean so well uh like um uh well a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display okay uh um like uh okay like okay in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes like okay so you know you know like so so them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about well well okay so like uh I mean uh a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last I mean like I mean uh I mean you know you know well week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not like you know like I mean like well well I mean posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple reason I mean um well uh I mean so so um really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys I mean so you know you know you know uh well well have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days so um uh like okay I mean well okay that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is like uh you know so well so well okay how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan well you know uh so like well I mean uh your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either avoid so I mean I mean um uh you know um like or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about like um um you know you know um you know um the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um okay okay um I mean well okay okay. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to you know well so okay I mean I mean you know well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would so um uh I mean you know um you know um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app like well okay okay so I mean I mean like a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with uh you know so I mean well um you know like no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place I mean you know so like I mean well you know so download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's so so you know you know well well uh well up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade I mean um so I mean so well so okay Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century BCE um I mean uh um like so well well. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all time okay well so so I mean I mean uh well vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to hear more well um like um um so like okay Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, you'll well um okay you know I mean uh um okay hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries so like um so so so I mean okay gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you listen okay okay I mean you know so so well so to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory I mean um like like um so uh um the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing so well you know so um you know you know well we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll like well like I mean I mean uh well so think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with uh um okay I mean I mean I mean you know uh Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to uh you know um okay well well okay so be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take uh like um I mean like like so well talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a I mean um um okay okay I mean I mean uh really popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months um you know uh uh I mean well I mean like. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous I mean like I mean well uh uh like you know. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of you know um so you know well uh I mean well followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this so uh so you know okay so well okay song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a okay like like I mean so okay well uh podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop uh um well I mean I mean like okay well. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this okay so like so I mean uh well uh isn't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you okay I mean well like so so okay uh are bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and like like uh I mean like uh well I mean re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this uh uh so uh uh you know I mean so show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I well well um I mean like like well okay then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building you know you know so you know well uh uh okay blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use well okay I mean like um uh you know um them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic uh like like I mean I mean okay uh I mean Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This well um um well okay you know okay you know is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight um okay you know you know so so you know uh change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a well you know okay uh like uh um so lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app I mean like so well you know uh well um today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on uh uh um um um well like okay personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting you know uh uh like okay well so uh to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of uh uh you know you know so um like okay hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today you know you know I mean so like okay uh you know. Summary of the one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie I mean I mean well so well like well okay and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold uh uh you know uh you know um uh okay promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a well so you know so like well like um single hour. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how okay well so you know I mean uh like well to formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you I mean you know so you know um I mean I mean well feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a so uh you know you know so I mean um uh Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet okay like well so well like um uh deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch I mean well okay uh like like uh well roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Hat uh so like so like uh like well as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that okay well um you know um I mean so uh hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around uh well uh um um you know okay so the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to his surprise I mean you know well okay you know um um so. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously very strange. So I mean um I mean I mean like I mean like uh the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the corner of the uh so um so okay you know uh so house and came floating back down again after a while. It came back Upstream um um you know okay uh like so like yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's um like well well you know um okay um a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are uh like like like so well uh okay obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on I mean um well okay um I mean I mean uh this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like uh like like like uh I mean so so hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, I mean uh you know uh so well uh well it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the so okay so you know um so I mean well two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are so um I mean um okay so uh like watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives like uh okay um um so so I mean. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's um uh so uh you know like like I mean probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes you know I mean so well I mean uh like um that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a I mean um well so well okay um well myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of well I mean uh uh uh well well uh my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and you know okay well like I mean I mean okay okay that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we okay like um uh like I mean you know you know are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift uh well like you know I mean well uh you know through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual well okay so I mean well I mean so well point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We okay so like well okay well uh uh thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you well I mean uh so well you know you know I mean want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions well like I mean well um okay you know you know and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did um okay like like like so uh like I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I uh I mean um okay I mean you know so well did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went like well well um you know uh I mean okay into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about well um so well uh uh okay so anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools like so um so you know well well um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from like you know you know so like so I mean well your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum I mean I mean well um well like you know okay listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard um so you know um well um well you know on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make you know like so well uh okay uh um a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special like um um uh like so uh so guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name like um uh like okay um well uh is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances well well like okay okay so okay like with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I like okay so I mean um well so like could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally so so um um uh okay you know okay say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For you know I mean like okay like so um I mean like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this well okay um um I mean um uh um. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I uh okay I mean you know you know okay so well think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And uh like so um so like well like I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo cartridge you know well so I mean so um you know like Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and uh well well like well well well I mean I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for you know like okay well well I mean um you know you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week including a um well you know you know well uh I mean you know lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on okay like um uh well you know so like Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z you know like um I mean uh okay well like. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I also you know I mean okay I mean like I mean so uh love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he like like okay like I mean um so okay hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's so um uh like well uh well so the only reason we call them that I have not no other like you know I mean uh I mean so so you know reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through you know so um okay you know um like okay the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make like I mean well um you know you know okay okay fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's okay I mean uh so so um okay I mean what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on um I mean um I mean uh um you know I mean Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make I mean so uh you know so okay uh uh a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation uh uh uh okay you know you know like um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone you know okay I mean you know well like you know you know or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on so I mean uh so I mean you know um okay Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with okay like I mean you know um uh okay um no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download so so you know like like uh so I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome you know like uh I mean so okay like so to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm okay uh so well well well like okay a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio um so uh I mean okay uh well you know ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube um okay um you know well you know you know so as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the um I mean okay uh so um you know I mean opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in you know well uh um like I mean so um this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting um you know you know you know okay okay okay uh race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have so um so so like um like uh week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that okay okay um so well well um you know. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I okay um I mean you know um okay um well finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have uh like so so I mean so well well a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a class that so like well uh I mean you know um uh I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've I mean um so like um so like you know finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because okay well I mean uh um well you know okay we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will so okay I mean well like so so like say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really well so like okay um so I mean so not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm like so so um okay okay um uh out of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't okay like you know okay uh so I mean okay know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly okay I mean okay okay so I mean well you know about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast well um I mean so so um so so and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that okay uh well um like okay okay uh is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit um okay you know um I mean um I mean like these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never okay so like well um um um well miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium I mean um like so well you know okay uh users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if um you know like you know so you know um um you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is okay I mean uh you know well like you know well actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search okay um you know well so well um okay for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library like you know you know you know okay um like I mean tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode okay like well uh uh um okay so of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody so like okay well well you know uh okay Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you um uh you know okay like well okay you know might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey like like uh well so so you know you know Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean okay so I mean you know you know okay um um so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't okay okay you know okay well um so so talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they um uh uh well like well I mean so don't hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these I mean uh okay um like okay uh I mean people. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that I mean so I mean you know I mean like I mean well we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That you know so like you know you know um uh so was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It like well uh well uh okay I mean okay was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV okay you know you know I mean well okay so so talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after like okay like okay uh um so I mean show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season like uh so okay you know um so you know Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one you know you know I mean well you know uh so okay. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do this so um you know so uh okay well like out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love um you know okay well you know so you know you know. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover okay like uh I mean you know okay I mean okay could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school. So uh you know um you know like you know okay um like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings um well um so uh well uh okay you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are okay okay so well like you know well you know you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that okay you know I mean like well um um okay you feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas I mean okay um so like uh you know uh around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a okay so so um okay okay uh I mean podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record okay so like like I mean well you know I mean edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It okay like you know um like so you know well will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify okay well um uh okay uh I mean uh apple and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum so okay well okay uh like okay okay listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place okay okay uh so so well you know I mean. So here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor I mean I mean um like well well you know uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor well uh um um you know okay like um dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome well okay like well okay um I mean you know to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for um you know okay I mean um well so I mean our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school like well like well okay okay you know like one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of my mother's you know well you know so um so uh well favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw uh so so uh uh like okay well in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I I mean like well I mean well so like uh was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly uh I mean like like I mean so so I mean inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as okay like okay like I mean um okay uh I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go well well um like I mean um well well beyond just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions uh you know okay I mean you know so so so of our time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm you know you know so um you know so um like going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother like like well well uh okay so uh. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've so so I mean uh so I mean well uh not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this well uh well um uh um uh you know woman that was in our life and so important to many of us and uh well I mean so I mean I mean I mean I mean I wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and well okay you know uh so like I mean I mean that today I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this you know you know um um uh uh you know um woman that we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the um well like well uh I mean I mean you know quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want okay okay okay well um you know okay you know you to kind of join me not just with the people that have passed well like like you know well uh uh like away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's I mean um well um well I mean so well exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that uh you know well um I mean okay okay I mean explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast um um like like so so I mean well during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively on like like like like well well like so Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and so well I mean you know you know well um well turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most you know okay you know uh so well um okay legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for well well well like so you know um like not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see so I mean okay like like uh like okay what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were um um uh well like um um you know just talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 uh like um you know uh you know um okay but I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah you know uh you know uh um I mean so uh. Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used well like um um well um so well to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy so I mean okay well like like like um every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What well I mean like so um um okay um happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you uh so I mean like so well you know well are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes uh like um uh so I mean like I mean on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater uh so okay okay uh okay well so already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got so like you know so well so uh I mean puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really uh um I mean um so I mean well uh have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome I mean so so uh um um um okay to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like I mean so um so um I mean you know like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing you know uh like uh well so um you know on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around um like um so so well like I mean each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic well um so so well okay okay so woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her um well uh like I mean I mean uh so name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a I mean well like uh like well okay I mean long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born with no so um so you know well um um I mean arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just a um um I mean you know well so well I mean kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the I mean you know you know uh so uh okay I mean other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to create so you know you know I mean I mean um like like false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in the world um you know I mean uh okay well you know so today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is to like you know you know okay you know uh well okay speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable and um so um well um you know like like being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite. We believe well so I mean so I mean um okay uh that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our uh you know um okay I mean well okay okay struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in okay like uh well um um you know okay our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons so uh um so you know you know uh like the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a big warm you know well uh so like so okay uh welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose and Berkeley so uh so well you know you know so well the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a lot of things so well okay I mean well so uh I mean to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away no first. Of you know okay like okay so so so okay all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at home I mean you know uh so I mean you know um you know. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, you know well uh so you know well okay like I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead studying I mean well well well okay um well uh physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's uh well well like you know you know well well what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure so well uh I mean so I mean like so Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast you know okay uh well like like okay well back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool thing you know I mean like so you know uh you know uh right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their okay well okay so um so like so products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like questions like uh uh you know you know well uh uh things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply of okay uh well you know well uh okay like some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do so well okay so I mean like um um some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the okay like well you know you know you know well well puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and just well I mean um you know like okay like I mean tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before uh um you know so I mean uh okay well and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see like so well okay I mean well I mean uh how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping uh well well okay like you know well you know that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love well you know uh I mean you know you know well um you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope uh okay like I mean um you know like you know is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to like uh okay uh okay uh well well drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to like like well like uh I mean well okay sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We like well like I mean well you know I mean so want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol I mean you know you know okay okay so so okay drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic okay well well um well um well I mean. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh um like you know uh okay well I mean. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record um uh uh well uh so okay um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your like well I mean I mean okay okay I mean you know podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many uh you know well so like uh so you know more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything uh like you know like like I mean well like you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember like um well um okay well well I mean that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling okay okay I mean you know you know you know um well around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of like well like well okay like like like the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost uh like you know okay okay I mean okay okay there today. I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and so okay okay I mean uh so like you know all that shit, but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk you know I mean okay I mean uh I mean I mean so about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why I mean uh um like okay um you know um not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made uh like like so you know like okay uh me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut I mean uh you know you know so like well like down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to okay I mean well okay so okay okay I mean thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and so um so like like okay I mean like you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type uh uh well you know okay um you know um of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've well I mean you know uh you know so well so learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table um I mean so um um you know I mean I mean. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a uh I mean um you know so so um you know little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello well well so okay I mean I mean well I mean. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have so well okay I mean like well um like a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What you know okay like uh well well uh okay is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, so uh so like um um I mean uh yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever well so like uh okay well uh you know. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere um like okay okay um well I mean you know get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome you know well you know um um well um so back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty well okay like so um okay you know uh cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, so you know I mean like well um you know um I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first I mean uh I mean like so okay uh you know like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts I mean well uh um so uh um like and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So okay so well okay so like like so I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference well um uh like um you know um so between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we uh well so so I mean well well well mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, I mean uh I mean so so okay like like Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and you know uh so you know um like okay like basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came I mean you know I mean you know like okay uh uh up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor I mean well so okay so like um um app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a well I mean uh like you know like I mean um podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for so like like okay you know I mean um so many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have I mean uh so you know I mean okay I mean uh to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that well um I mean well I mean uh you know um allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer like so uh um I mean um okay um or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't so like I mean well um well like you know have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and you know uh I mean like so um like like many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making so well like well so you know so like more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read okay okay you know uh I mean I mean um uh and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your I mean so you know well okay uh I mean like spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student like so like okay well okay uh like of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want so so well you know um um uh uh to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on well I mean you know like well um I mean okay all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing I mean um I mean you know like so well uh meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like well I mean well okay uh I mean you know I mean a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay like so I mean you know well I mean okay okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just well so um well I mean like so um keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I okay so um I mean you know uh so like got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to so like okay so so um I mean um this first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is so you know so you know so so so okay we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - you know uh okay um so okay uh okay oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the like um well I mean uh like you know like train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, like you know uh I mean so uh so so welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I well um um okay okay okay uh okay ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my uh like like uh um okay like okay stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? I mean um uh I mean I mean so you know so All hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes uh uh okay like okay so like you know back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll okay okay okay so so well like well kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a well okay okay like well okay uh you know lot of setup work that we have to do in order to um I mean you know I mean I mean okay um I mean make a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how okay um like well you know okay uh so we do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday like so like uh I mean like you know well edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the well okay well well like um I mean okay same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the um well I mean okay like you know well you know end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do I mean you know you know so I mean well well I mean we want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win like you know I mean okay I mean I mean okay you know against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more like you know so I mean um um I mean okay on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with you know I mean okay you know you know you know you know okay Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good okay like okay uh well like so well. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than well I mean okay you know uh okay okay uh we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early um so okay like so so so so early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack so you know so like I mean you know I mean like. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right um uh okay uh I mean well well okay. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over like you know uh okay so okay so like the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and uh you know you know like um so uh I mean bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've um well so you know I mean okay you know like enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of I mean okay I mean I mean I mean like I mean uh felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who you know uh okay I mean so like so like I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here uh um like uh you know um I mean like. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm not like well um um okay like um okay computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, uh okay okay so okay so you know well what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing so you know well um um like like so I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free uh like I mean so well well you know okay anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this okay um like I mean well uh okay well episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I well okay well uh okay like um well am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time you know um you know you know uh like uh uh. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural I mean well okay you know uh you know you know uh experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share well you know so uh okay you know I mean well a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at like um you know so you know well um well gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections okay I mean well um um you know okay uh. We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of okay like uh so I mean I mean um well the meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to I mean uh you know uh um okay uh I mean two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my uh I mean well like so you know so you know pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with I mean uh okay I mean uh you know well uh Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while so okay like um uh um I mean so I was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up so you know um okay well uh okay like there because they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race uh um well so like so uh okay. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being uh so um well uh you know like uh free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one so uh well so well okay okay uh in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner I mean I mean okay um well you know okay I mean over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum okay I mean you know okay um I mean uh okay bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We you know um okay okay uh um so you know got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong so like uh uh uh okay um okay game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has okay uh uh I mean I mean um so you know ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna win uh okay uh like well well well so the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it. So stay like I mean like so okay you know like you know tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going to end off talking I mean like you know um um I mean um okay about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season coming up and we like okay I mean I mean I mean um like you know just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy like you know um okay I mean like like like. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long week well like um you know so like so I mean this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And well well uh um um so okay okay then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah so like okay um uh uh like you know first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night uh you know you know uh I mean I mean okay like toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and uh okay well you know you know uh well uh brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day um so uh you know uh well so you know this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai uh I mean you know so so uh well so the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a so um you know so okay I mean so I mean country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of well like okay like you know uh well uh strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would okay you know um well like okay so you know change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm you know so so well okay like you know you know going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of so uh like you know I mean okay well well the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the you know okay so so okay uh okay well conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About uh uh um I mean okay I mean well well it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right I mean you know uh you know I mean um I mean so now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you I mean like you know like uh okay you know so know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back you know so you know so so you know so um to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics so you know uh like okay um well you know including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of I mean so so um I mean okay well you know stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what okay um I mean you know like I mean I mean I mean I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our okay so so you know so well so uh multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to well um um like I mean so um you know them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just so I mean so so okay I mean okay you know messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my you know I mean like okay uh like you know um first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with so like you know you know okay okay I mean you know us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of like so you know well you know so well like stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier um I mean like well you know like I mean okay and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it you know like uh uh um like I mean um on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah uh uh so um like well like like. Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're uh okay I mean like like you know well you know at track me where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience I mean okay okay well so like well um over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a okay okay you know so okay uh like uh half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it like like um like so well you know well was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was um um like well like um okay so through the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which uh you know you know I mean like okay uh you know was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not I mean well well like well okay well okay our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win uh okay you know I mean um like like you know and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm okay uh so you know okay okay like um not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of so um okay so well okay um um curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was I mean okay you know okay well so okay so getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped I mean like well okay like so um um Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the well so I mean you know um uh I mean uh top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to 1991 I mean like uh well you know uh okay like when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with well um so you know I mean like I mean I mean the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more like okay you know um um um like so shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March I mean uh you know uh you know so okay uh Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym so you know um you know okay I mean like um on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists well um I mean I mean so you know I mean okay landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about you know okay you know uh so um well okay the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter well um you know so uh well so uh extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of well uh like you know you know I mean I mean uh it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question you know I mean like you know uh you know um um I have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of uh uh I mean you know well uh okay like quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to you know you know okay you know you know okay I mean I mean it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just okay so like um so okay okay I mean don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically so you know you know you know like so well you know the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing well you know I mean like you know well I mean like something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in you know okay um I mean um you know uh okay this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian you know okay like well okay you know I mean like writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and so you know like you know like so uh well Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and um so well okay okay uh okay well there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings uh well I mean um I mean okay um well characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today uh um like so you know like like well you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you so well you know I mean like okay uh you know need to get to the other side of today everything that has happened uh like you know you know like so I mean I mean up till now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you okay I mean I mean so I mean you know I mean well you will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is I mean uh like I mean like well um um you have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day uh okay uh um like well you know okay. This is your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley like okay okay well so uh okay okay and I'll be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime um like you know um well um I mean okay. Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy like you know well you know I mean um like um everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for um so you know well um um well you know joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you well um so I mean like you know I mean well choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be you know I mean so I mean well um well so able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is so well I mean you know like okay uh well something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very um uh okay I mean like okay um I mean first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social okay well uh well like like you know uh media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on well so um well uh uh uh well another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for I mean um like well um uh well like the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what well you know well you know you know uh like uh he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we um I mean um so you know I mean uh I mean have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street um um uh so okay um uh so Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It like you know okay so I mean so uh uh would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we have I mean um well uh I mean like like well and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said like you know like well okay okay like well anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying um okay well um um I mean okay okay to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode uh I mean um um um uh like uh set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person okay like uh you know well okay you know uh and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and you okay like so so so so like you know guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going um well um uh you know uh I mean uh to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with like okay so um I mean like I mean um me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a uh so so so uh you know you know you know mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me and so um uh well um you know you know well Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like so so like I mean you know um like like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, um okay so I mean so like um okay yo go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the so like okay okay so uh um like freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm okay okay I mean okay okay so well I mean nippy as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because uh well uh okay like like um you know it's cold or is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's like okay um I mean so like well so cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's okay like like like I mean you know well like like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my I mean so so um uh you know you know you know sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your like so okay I mean okay so okay okay children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies um well like so you know well okay uh to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a you know I mean like so I mean okay um uh social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & um um I mean I mean like okay um uh 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four I mean well so I mean okay okay so like kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and well well you know uh um well okay I mean life tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic um well like so um you know uh uh together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have uh okay you know well well um so um heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's you know uh okay okay you know um well like guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team uh okay you know okay you know I mean okay uh of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting well uh I mean okay uh well like well at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in so you know so you know um you know uh you know New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music so well I mean so so you know so um Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time like I mean uh you know I mean um okay uh throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how um um like um you know okay so okay they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is uh well okay so well so I mean uh guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, well so I mean uh so you know okay um which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a horse girl uh uh well okay um um well like. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger the icing well well like um um okay well so over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome I mean um well uh you know so um I mean back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this week well well um so uh like I mean uh. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are you just I mean uh you know you know I mean like uh um desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was yours? I was also uh I mean um I mean uh you know I mean like very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I was summoned to like well you know well well so okay um jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk about but I will um well well okay well so um um say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and you know like you know okay um um well so FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of uh you know so okay so uh I mean okay live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you I mean so well like like like like okay listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then I mean um you know okay you know so I mean well move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first you know um well um well well so um uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 like you know um okay uh you know well um and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for um well uh um you know okay so um real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we uh you know like um okay um um well try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make uh you know uh you know like uh um like life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets okay so I mean um well uh okay okay and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming okay I mean I mean uh you know um I mean uh live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave well you know you know you know you know I mean um like Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look okay well I mean I mean like okay I mean uh who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it I mean I mean well okay I mean okay uh like going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally you know I mean you know okay well um I mean like don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin well I mean okay so okay well um so Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users okay I mean uh uh I mean uh so well of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets um well you know okay uh you know like I mean Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the well well like like uh okay well uh rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's um um I mean um like um I mean so Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, um okay uh like like like okay okay we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping so okay um so you know I mean so like fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for well like like well um well so so the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, uh like okay so like well okay uh it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no okay um so like I mean okay okay you know more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in you know um you know so okay um um uh Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you so well well so like like I mean okay into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week so so um you know so like I mean uh off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you I mean okay uh I mean well uh so I mean guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page um I mean uh I mean okay I mean like uh and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a like I mean okay I mean um okay like I mean living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk I mean well I mean um uh uh okay so a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between I mean I mean I mean you know okay I mean so okay Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here well I mean like well well um so well to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for you know so okay well um so I mean okay Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with you know like um so um well okay well Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC you know well well I mean okay uh um you know Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you like you know I mean you know well um like I mean could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was um um okay I mean I mean um so I mean your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, I mean I mean like so like uh you know um because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because um okay okay so uh so so um I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today okay well um so um like well uh. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point well I mean you know I mean uh well you know so cut the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material um uh well I mean you know you know I mean so change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically okay like so you know you know like okay like indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It um I mean um well you know um I mean um will surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came well I mean well like okay well so I mean earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the so um uh like okay I mean well like FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains I mean um um I mean so um like um is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of you know um uh well I mean like okay so Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our um you know well like well um okay like senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read I mean uh well um okay you know well like Psalm 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in I mean so um well you know okay so um the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art I mean like uh um well okay uh okay my Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are um um you know um I mean like like well in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their like well okay like uh well you know I mean sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of I mean so well I mean uh you know you know uh blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the uh okay well you know you know okay okay um portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are I mean um well uh you know so I mean like Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will like so I mean um well so I mean you know Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup uh okay so so okay okay so you know winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA okay I mean I mean like you know you know I mean okay match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about like uh well I mean I mean um I mean you know but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today you know you know so I mean like well uh so. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way so you know you know I mean okay um um like from Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me so uh you know um you know I mean okay um happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get well well so so I mean well um I mean a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to um um I mean like like I mean so okay Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how well okay okay um you know well well um many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where I mean uh you know so you know well um um a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic uh um uh you know you know okay like so event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the so you know well um okay uh uh well biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two well well I mean okay you know so like okay mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a I mean like uh um so um okay uh slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they uh I mean um you know so uh so okay gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it like um um well uh well uh I mean could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is uh I mean uh okay uh you know okay like after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a like you know I mean I mean well so um like quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to well well um uh so you know well uh my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast well uh uh I mean I mean I mean um okay you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the well uh I mean okay well okay like well ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how okay well well you know I mean like well okay do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the so um so uh well you know so you know apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my you know I mean I mean like you know I mean um I mean podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor okay well uh I mean like okay like so Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast so well I mean uh like I mean uh like and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app okay well okay so okay well so well I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's so so so okay I mean you know I mean you know creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from okay um so well like um so you know your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and like uh I mean like okay uh so you know many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from well uh okay like so um uh okay the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind okay well well I mean like okay uh I mean you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do um so well well like um okay like all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App um okay well okay well uh so so Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness so okay like okay um uh you know you know. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in so so um I mean okay well I mean okay YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what so um like like so like so well you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how I mean so I mean you know well uh um um we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f I mean like you know okay okay okay okay well m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different okay so um okay I mean uh um uh platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right well so so okay you know you know uh okay from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free uh so like um like so uh so anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig well um you know okay okay so I mean um Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 well um okay uh um um okay like save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin you know like um uh I mean I mean like I mean podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge I mean you know um okay you know um well okay where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to well okay well uh I mean um well okay be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this like I mean so like I mean uh well uh juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels you know um uh so I mean you know like so juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to uh well like like well okay like well the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to well well well you know I mean you know like well use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a okay like I mean so like like you know okay myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity um well um okay I mean um you know you know. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves so um well well I mean I mean okay okay him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of um you know so so you know I mean um well the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he um well like well I mean I mean okay well rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all so you know I mean I mean so so um so about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me so so like like like I mean well I mean and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you two uh like um I mean uh so um so will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you you know um um well so so uh you know. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, you know um uh okay you know I mean um well my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name uh um you know so um well well I mean like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old you know well okay uh well so like so like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? you know so um um um well well like No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the okay so so so okay well okay um guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber you know um like okay like well okay so joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just so you know you know like so like so okay getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to recoup um uh well like you know you know uh well its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right okay so um well you know so like okay direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on you know um like okay well I mean like so. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night well well well okay well okay okay you know and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it like well uh okay I mean well okay okay out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for okay okay I mean um like you know um so this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're following us okay I mean um well um so um you know on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things over you know you know okay I mean I mean um uh so there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well. Good job, you know like well uh well okay uh uh but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this so okay you know well okay uh um I mean stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all about you know you know I mean I mean uh uh I mean um Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first so um well like I mean I mean I mean uh of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So uh you know uh well uh um so okay are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to I mean okay I mean uh I mean you know well I mean do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to um I mean uh um well so like okay record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That I mean uh you know um I mean okay uh well is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it uh so okay you know well um uh you know go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute I mean I mean so okay okay you know you know like it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a you know um like uh like um uh you know bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is I mean well I mean so I mean so I mean uh there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting um like uh like uh I mean um like with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You so um you know well I mean you know I mean well can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you so well um like I mean well you know so need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well so I mean so you know I mean well like me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record well okay um okay I mean I mean I mean you know and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your so I mean so so well well okay um podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you I mean so like like I mean you know like okay can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to like I mean like so well okay like I mean make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last I mean uh okay you know so I mean you know um year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience uh like um I mean well you know uh um. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she uh you know I mean well you know I mean like so loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the so okay you know well uh so like um girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, uh I mean so well I mean so I mean like but within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch I mean you know I mean okay uh like like so with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right I mean like okay um okay so I mean um away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining to uh I mean well well well uh like you know each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine well well okay uh okay you know you know I mean to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such well so I mean like okay well you know I mean an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control um okay so you know uh um okay like their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in okay uh so um you know so I mean um control of what they would like and as a man this is important um so okay well so well like uh to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only well okay okay uh like well uh you know that if you want to become a man of value so that way other men so you know so so okay I mean well like or other people in general can lean on you. You're going to have to so like uh um like like okay uh learn this. So here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, so okay you know uh so like like like if you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, I mean um like okay you know um you know so you're not going to do very well. Okay, because this video might take well like like uh okay you know okay okay me a little bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't okay uh um um you know I mean um like take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this week. Only so you know well so uh okay well you know us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout so so so you know um uh you know well fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely so well you know uh well um well um to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had so well so uh um uh um you know our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our I mean well um I mean I mean I mean like I mean amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to so um uh I mean well so so you know be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first uh you know well okay um well uh you know we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last so well um well like uh okay you know week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want well so I mean I mean you know uh like well to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is okay like I mean I mean like uh okay you know down. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, I mean um um like um um so you know so we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, you know like um uh so like you know you know so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there are so okay like so uh like um uh hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die of uh I mean uh you know well well okay you know old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was okay so you know um uh well um like convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this uh I mean I mean like um like uh like man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in uh you know um so okay uh you know uh prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your okay like well uh so okay you know okay coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning okay you know so okay you know so like I mean cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of uh you know you know I mean I mean so like so his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences um okay you know uh so uh um okay here at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do so like you know so uh you know so so something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers like well like okay well I mean so um if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to you know you know well I mean so so like um pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going uh so well um like you know you know like to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the um well like uh you know well okay like meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I you know you know like I mean you know um you know you know cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This individual is so you know so I mean um so um so awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you want I mean okay like okay so well I mean I mean to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom like like um well well so I mean like from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of uh like um okay so okay you know uh philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this well well uh okay okay okay um I mean reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film um well I mean uh like so like like was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they okay well okay like uh well so uh voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for so um okay um uh you know you know well some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make uh okay you know like um uh okay I mean a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to you know I mean well uh you know well you know well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast I mean like you know uh like you know okay I mean for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean well you know uh I mean well so so you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is okay I mean I mean so um like uh I mean everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up okay you know uh okay so I mean okay you know or good Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness I mean so well um uh well okay um and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream well you know uh like I mean uh okay okay went on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in okay uh you know I mean well okay uh you know the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we um well um uh um you know I mean uh think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their like like uh so well I mean uh okay classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is so okay like you know so well like uh not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening well um okay so you know you know so so goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and like okay you know um okay like okay uh professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him okay you know I mean like okay so I mean uh on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's you know you know so you know um well like um with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V. Hey, like well like I mean uh well like I mean mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of well well um okay like you know uh well the jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, okay so well like so I mean okay so what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are like okay like you know like you know um so we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for like you know uh so well uh okay uh a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually so so like well okay well well you know. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need um well um well I mean you know I mean like to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We you know okay um you know okay so like uh do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only you know like uh uh so I mean okay well win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means like um um uh so so so uh you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with uh I mean okay I mean you know okay uh so huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight you know okay you know so um like so so. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan okay uh okay uh so okay um so Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check well um so you know you know well okay uh out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes well um uh okay uh so you know um of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the so you know okay okay um I mean you know okay graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions um uh um I mean I mean like you know okay of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 like um okay okay I mean um um so. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill um you know so uh you know so well um Capital Management. And this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a so like okay um like um okay uh half in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic so you know I mean you know so you know um like International equities as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought um like like uh okay okay uh like it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in uh so uh well you know uh um you know. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on um uh like uh so so um okay the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're um I mean okay okay um well I mean you know looking to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank uh like okay well okay so uh well you very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the like like um um I mean uh okay okay S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to okay okay um I mean uh okay I mean so be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments well well okay so well um I mean okay account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not okay I mean okay so like you know well so sure about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm okay you know like uh okay like you know so pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only uh so okay like so uh okay okay to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before you know so okay uh okay okay I mean I mean. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could I mean okay you know okay you know you know um I mean just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna so well like like okay uh like like quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the so uh well you know like um I mean well top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 well like you know you know uh okay like okay when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay um you know okay you know I mean well I mean like off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports um like so like um uh well like events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special like okay you know I mean uh well like well. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as so so um okay like I mean well um the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had well uh well okay okay uh uh well thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they well um I mean okay like so okay okay slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm well um like you know I mean I mean okay uh your host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in uh like uh well okay like so well Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that okay you know well I mean so I mean I mean uh care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please like I mean you know um like okay okay well join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful um well um okay I mean well so like techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective so so okay I mean I mean okay I mean you know therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome okay okay uh uh so I mean like uh their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a well I mean you know so you know uh um so rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to I mean well uh okay well okay I mean you know find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards uh okay um I mean um so uh um areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this uh well um okay well I mean well okay Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where so okay I mean you know so um you know well to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary I mean um like well like I mean um uh. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy you know I mean uh so uh so like uh yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise well um you know uh I mean um like you know doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, okay uh you know okay uh okay well you know like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do okay so I mean uh you know you know like well you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this um I mean well um um so well I mean is the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is uh I mean you know I mean okay I mean well well how I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use well um um like uh okay I mean um. It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation like you know okay well you know I mean you know uh tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean I mean I mean um uh okay uh well or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so I mean like uh I mean like um like um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work you know okay okay you know well I mean um like literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uh you know um okay I mean um well like uploading my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with okay I mean you know well okay um uh well no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine um well uh so like like I mean I mean place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an well so okay so I mean so well well amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to uh well uh um you know well so I mean get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a so um uh so like uh um okay bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on okay so uh okay well you know I mean uh Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a okay okay uh okay um okay uh um Stevie Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat uh you know um so like like like so it? And all it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder like I mean so uh um um I mean okay song for me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today like you know uh so you know I mean okay uh. I mean, first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, like um so uh I mean okay so like you've got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of I mean like um um so so well well Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to uh so uh okay uh um so like it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to you know I mean um um okay uh okay okay give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I so well well well uh um okay you know wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things I mean like okay I mean so well uh um in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost okay okay I mean you know like I mean okay um the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are so like um you know like uh so well actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing I mean well uh um okay I mean well like event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really well I mean uh uh okay um you know so one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be so you know so well uh um uh you know better off if they made a book at least once in their life, right I mean um um so okay uh well well Holly. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep well uh okay well you know uh okay uh making those books. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing so so well you know um well like so and it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a record like you know like uh so okay so okay anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean well so you know okay um you know uh. Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not well well okay you know so like you know um sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's uh so so um so you know um um no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it like you know well you know so okay like like works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was um okay okay so like like like like no money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want uh um well so well you know okay like to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and so like you know well you know well okay uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your I mean uh like I mean uh you know well you know podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and well okay okay well um okay like um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that you know like so um uh so um I mean any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast like uh well okay I mean um um uh in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to you know um um so um uh so um an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our like uh okay so I mean well um well Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted to host of so you know well you know so like okay okay get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks for watching. I'm uh uh like like I mean so like so really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment their jazz uh well like well uh well um you know singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm super excited but okay you know uh so uh you know like okay you're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as well introduce this okay um so like I mean so you know I mean person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant well you know uh uh well um I mean so a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking I mean you know okay uh like well okay you know to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets so okay okay okay you know um like well. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how um okay so you know well you know I mean uh much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal so so uh uh like so uh um life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I so I mean okay um so well like well get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some like so okay okay so you know so I mean VIP. So this is our time for us to be together and for well like so I mean I mean so so I mean me to answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in uh you know um okay okay like like you know a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about like uh well well uh um you know you know it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others uh well so well like uh okay I mean getting married and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them um okay uh um you know okay so um. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor um uh okay so like so well um five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff I mean you know uh like like so you know uh Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in so um so um you know uh like you know sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we I mean uh so like you know okay okay I mean all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow um like you know okay so okay okay you know. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market okay like okay so well like so well is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing um okay okay um so like you know um things. I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is Gavin uh okay well uh well um like so here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on well so well so you know well you know um the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things RSL about so like uh you know you know I mean okay you know the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? Adam? I'm doing like I mean I mean so um like okay so pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say rough game yesterday you know well like okay like well so well. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've so so so uh I mean you know okay like been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when uh so okay I mean uh like uh uh I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until I found I mean okay you know I mean like like okay um what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so you know like so um okay um you know so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago and you uh well well like I mean you know I mean like must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you uh you know so I mean well well I mean I mean try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a well uh so uh I mean uh okay like release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget okay I mean well I mean I mean well um like the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just well well I mean so I mean so you know okay listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I mean um you know I mean okay so I mean um I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when you know uh um okay uh well okay well I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as so you know uh uh you know you know uh um possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work okay you know okay okay so well well well out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or you know uh well uh uh like so like stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what like I mean so so uh well um uh that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after well I mean uh well I mean like like I mean you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go you know I mean uh um uh well okay okay right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and okay well like um well well uh like you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your um okay um um uh uh um you know son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to you know I mean I mean like you know well so well pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment okay uh um um uh well um like our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of um uh you know well you know well like so Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm um um well okay I mean well I mean I mean crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what I mean so um okay okay um I mean uh its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that I mean so so so well you know uh I mean topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans I mean so well you know so you know so so. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in I mean like you know well I mean so okay so the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term like uh uh uh so okay um well as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell like you know I mean I mean uh well like okay you a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my like so like okay well like I mean okay podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation like so okay uh so well um so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like like like well so so so uh your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on uh I mean I mean well um you know um I mean Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your you know um well uh like I mean you know well podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything okay so uh okay you know I mean um okay that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and okay you know um um so well I mean like accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to okay well you know so you know well I mean okay Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the I mean I mean so well so okay you know so easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast. I love like well you know like um uh you know you know it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll be inspired okay uh um well uh I mean you know I mean motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning and welcome uh uh okay like you know like you know um to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few okay well you know uh I mean um I mean well minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some like like I mean well I mean you know you know like inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God you know so so I mean you know like uh I mean that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life I mean well okay you know um um uh you know if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and well well you know you know you know like like I mean just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to okay like um you know you know I mean um I mean do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well so like okay okay okay like you know me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and okay so like like well well so so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast I mean well okay um uh so um so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many well uh I mean like okay I mean I mean you know more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is um uh like I mean okay like so I mean everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle you know uh you know so uh I mean well I mean up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is well so you know um okay um like you know wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just um like uh okay uh uh so you know money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is you know I mean okay well um so I mean you know not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about well uh I mean so I mean I mean uh well establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is Kiran so like so okay uh so uh okay Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about you know well well like I mean so um uh something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very uh you know like so okay okay like uh informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me okay well I mean so I mean okay uh well something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and uh well I mean like okay so so okay it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew um um you know so uh I mean okay like up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 well I mean well you know um I mean um like let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment well you know uh I mean I mean well well I mean. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They uh well so uh um okay I mean well just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan um uh like uh well like so okay Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories well like I mean uh so well okay you know from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at okay okay you know you know um um uh well st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes okay so okay you know I mean I mean you know I mean. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy well you know like I mean okay uh uh like Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today you know like uh um like I mean I mean so. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm I mean um uh you know well um so like due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were I mean so okay uh okay so so uh in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the you know okay so well well um well um MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this you know okay well so okay you know well like week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do some like okay okay uh um so you know so things that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and you know like like well uh uh okay uh it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of I mean well uh so um well uh you know you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles and ground I mean uh well like you know I mean so uh them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin Clarke well um like well you know okay like I mean. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand well uh so so okay well you know um scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical well um okay you know um I mean so you know transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a um you know um like like um well like new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is okay so uh well okay like like you know a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to be you know I mean I mean um you know I mean you know like my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, um uh well well well uh okay like so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want to start you know well uh like okay so um um it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do you know uh I mean um so okay so so well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're uh like well uh you know I mean I mean well live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome okay like I mean so so I mean well um dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your so okay um you know okay like um well dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this I mean okay so okay uh you know um uh is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? okay you know I mean uh uh so I mean like It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've I mean well so I mean you know well like like Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So like like um like okay okay I mean I mean that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm so you know like so like okay so uh Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by okay like um you know like you know I mean you know estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals well well so okay um you know so okay perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career okay I mean like well well uh um um Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the like uh like like I mean you know uh okay treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm well you know okay uh well okay like so Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few okay um um you know um like like uh questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering uh you know you know I mean so uh okay okay the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today well you know you know I mean well uh well like we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Wendy's okay um well uh uh so like like granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly well well okay uh I mean like okay so will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled well so okay uh you know I mean well like. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article so like so I mean um um so okay was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I like so okay uh uh well I mean well have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? uh you know I mean uh uh uh um okay This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video uh I mean so so well like I mean so as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording uh I mean I mean so um like uh so this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna well like so well I mean okay I mean like talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have well uh you know um well you know well okay a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society so okay you know so um so um you know. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that okay like uh well you know so okay well I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions well well well well uh like you know um about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So I mean um uh okay okay like okay um we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create you know I mean I mean well okay like like um and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a well okay like okay well okay okay well music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to okay you know you know I mean uh like well okay get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made you know like okay uh like um like well with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for you know um you know okay um um I mean like spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be you know you know um like uh I mean uh so the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this like well like um well I mean I mean like since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my well uh uh okay okay like okay you know name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman so like you know so uh uh so okay and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday I mean um you know you know so um okay well. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the like well so well I mean um you know so middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of so so like so you know okay I mean well our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I mean okay you know okay like um you know I mean I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your you know okay I mean well you know uh okay I mean very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor you know so well so um okay like I mean FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation you know uh so okay I mean um so um tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your um you know like okay you know so well well computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be so um um I mean okay okay like um heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with okay so okay um okay I mean you know uh no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So I mean I mean well uh so like um okay make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get um okay okay um um well okay well ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you so like like like so um I mean okay the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey so well okay you know uh you know well you know you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney well uh like um um um um um plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by like you know like so I mean okay I mean I mean at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green uh you know I mean well well okay okay okay and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that so um I mean so um like well you know was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's okay you know well I mean I mean so well um exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing okay you know you know like okay you know uh well a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or like like so okay you know okay I mean uh straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few like I mean uh um so um so um times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at okay like like you know okay you know okay you know least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in uh uh like so uh um so so the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like okay well okay uh uh okay like like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button uh like you know you know okay okay uh well and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel you know um so well okay you know so uh movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd you know okay you know I mean well so okay so like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night well uh okay um well okay okay you know toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with you know okay okay like like um um so your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we so like you know uh okay um uh uh talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the you know okay uh I mean well okay I mean uh warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over uh so okay uh you know like uh um the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people so I mean uh um um so well like had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and okay okay so I mean uh well okay like show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli uh like well well you know you know um okay and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying well uh you know uh okay uh I mean um to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and so uh like you know like uh like so decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So so I mean you know you know I mean like well uh yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured you know um okay like well I mean like um why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our like well uh you know okay okay well like thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all well um uh like so um so okay the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, you know like I mean uh well so so well I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a okay so I mean okay uh so I mean you know series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale I mean so I mean well like you know like okay for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and I mean okay like like you know you know well well want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today so like I mean so okay so you know like and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime I mean uh like you know you know like I mean um. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on um uh uh you know uh um I mean um this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California um um okay so I mean okay um okay was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with uh you know I mean um you know I mean like uh back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've uh well um so like well so I mean been going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before okay uh you know um well well well you know Christmas then we're gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very you know I mean uh so I mean uh um uh happy way and we have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy okay well so you know well I mean well uh he is busy and then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed like um you know um I mean so um well know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't okay I mean you know um I mean uh okay like in the mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're so so um uh well okay so um back thing is though a lot of people have been saying to us like okay so well you know um so okay you know when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? Absolutely, I mean I mean okay uh uh well like uh not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we so well um you know I mean um uh well all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies like so okay well okay like uh so. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? I need uh uh okay okay I mean um so okay a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 so you know uh okay um well uh uh so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and well like so I mean so well so okay episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell I mean so like uh so so well like you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so off okay well you know so so okay uh okay the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we well well uh I mean I mean uh okay okay get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to you know well uh I mean uh okay um uh talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily you know like I mean like okay okay okay you know devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in well so you know um well well well you know Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not lose heart like so okay I mean uh you know uh well. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed day well you know so okay like I mean okay um by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal okay uh um um well well uh okay weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things you know okay like I mean so like well um that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that like so I mean well like like I mean uh are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's well like well um I mean well um okay anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a you know well I mean um well okay well uh podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make well uh um okay so uh well okay you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know I mean uh I mean like so well uh from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have okay you know you know I mean okay I mean well okay been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it okay like so like uh I mean well well can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast well okay you know uh um uh um um. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money like well like you know you know I mean you know like from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that like um you know I mean well I mean I mean you know you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to you know I mean like I mean uh you know okay you know make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a you know I mean so I mean you know um uh so podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app or you know um like I mean uh you know you know um go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for well I mean um so I mean like so so giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is I mean well you know okay uh like you know well free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you to um like uh so like you know um I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast you know well well well like like you know uh for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah uh well okay you know like uh uh I mean. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with so um okay so uh you know um um them and using them to help make our podcast and you know, it's also okay like uh so I mean like um uh an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with no minimum so um you know uh um um you know like listenership and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So like well okay I mean I mean you know um like if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the I mean so uh well you know uh well so free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and well I mean uh so you know like so I mean with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA okay like so well well like you know well Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so you know like um okay so um uh well what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys um I mean uh uh so I mean like uh guys. I like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top um uh well so um you know so you know and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the okay well so uh so uh well okay podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He okay you know like um well well you know okay has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for like okay I mean um like well well you know a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road so I mean so well you know like well like and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may so okay you know so uh you know like you know help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts uh I mean I mean um okay well so uh into action. And if we can help at least one other person as uh so um I mean you know like um like a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is I mean so okay so um you know uh like a very valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to okay I mean um you know I mean um well I mean basically introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you I mean like okay so so so okay you know actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve into some well I mean so well uh like so uh of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where you know I mean I mean um uh I mean so I mean personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower you know like you know you know uh like well so here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and stories um I mean so okay okay you know uh uh in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab your I mean so well uh uh well I mean like favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this week's episode. Us you know um like um um okay well you know Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her amazing Community, you're so you know well like so okay okay um part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family. Now, you're part of our you know um um you know I mean well uh okay family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family, you okay um um you know um I mean like you know know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I mean um like I mean like like um so I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes. Hello you know you know I mean okay I mean okay like well. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but like like uh like you know okay okay I mean I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to like you know well like so so so um know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to like um I mean uh uh uh you know uh hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me like so uh uh like so I mean um every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes well so so well I mean I mean um so I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can um I mean like like you know uh you know okay listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for um uh you know uh okay you know so okay free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every uh um like so so like so you know imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never um um you know well you know well like you know miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and so I mean you know um uh like um uh whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if uh like okay uh you know you know okay I mean you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search like I mean I mean you know like so um well for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, like like I mean okay uh well well so make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health um so you know um so like well uh daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr like so so well you know like I mean like. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health like you know well well um well uh um daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, um like like so I mean okay um I mean I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to well so so you know like so okay well my coach because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and uh uh uh well well I mean I mean okay how hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself uh okay um well so okay I mean okay to fall into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which like uh um okay well like um okay I know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in you know uh okay so like I mean well so a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to like you know like well well I mean uh okay me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been well you know um like uh like okay you know so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker you know I mean you know like you know okay I mean uh link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas okay I mean so you know you know you know you know okay for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy uh like uh so um you know I mean you know too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind of I mean well okay okay so okay um you know beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with like like so so like well um like we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of I mean you know okay well so well okay okay the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters uh um um so well okay um you know on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background uh okay you know you know like I mean you know like on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus you know um uh okay uh well you know okay the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape okay well you know um um you know okay uh with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built like um um okay I mean you know well okay to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart you know okay so I mean well I mean like you know and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March well like um um uh like uh so 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson uh um so uh okay um well well was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore like I mean you know you know you know I mean um you know exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the you know I mean I mean well you know um you know you know collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you okay um okay like um I mean like you know have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's like so okay so uh uh um uh micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two board relevant so okay okay you know I mean like well well microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important facts you know I mean um like um so like you know for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the ism uh um um like like so like okay with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but okay like so so um like uh I mean you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm okay okay so uh so well so well your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I well I mean like okay like okay okay well hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has um like um well okay you know well okay blood in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food uh you know like like you know I mean um I mean money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go so so okay um um so okay well through our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink so well I mean I mean uh uh I mean um bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that okay I mean I mean okay well so you know uh people are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I uh I mean so you know so okay like you know had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in well okay okay well I mean like I mean okay Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like like okay so you know well well so um crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a uh uh okay like like so like I mean friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up um like okay um uh so you know I mean. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend okay like okay so um I mean I mean okay and she just like got right and did not try to get to know you know okay you know well so uh um like me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was well so well well um like okay you know like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 um like so uh um okay you know I mean minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes so uh you know uh I mean like well well got right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I so uh um okay well you know you know you know feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that like you know you know like um well so I mean what you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I I mean uh okay like so okay well you know don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's well like you know okay uh like well I mean word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply uh uh um uh so okay okay well on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of you know okay okay okay um I mean so so meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you well I mean uh like okay uh like like to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form like you know uh okay uh like okay okay. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with well I mean okay well okay like well okay the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly I mean okay I mean like well so well um B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like so well so I mean so um you know uh listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash so um uh uh uh I mean so um garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really um okay well I mean okay I mean so I mean excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in um um uh you know you know okay um so your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone well so you know I mean like you know I mean um number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but so like well like uh I mean uh okay I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I like I mean I mean you know like so well I mean want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? so like well well well um um you know I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using okay okay you know um so I mean like well it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's you know um um I mean you know you know I mean like warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside was um so um like you know okay okay you know still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as so um uh so you know okay well um most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm you know I mean well you know so um okay okay All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed you know okay I mean okay well like so you know by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too hot I mean well you know uh uh um I mean like. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money okay you know okay like so like okay so comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard you know I mean I mean uh you know um uh well than I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's um like so so uh well um I mean let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars so uh um uh well well I mean so a month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month well well okay you know um so so you know where I'm like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I well uh well like like like so well don't know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel well okay like okay uh well I mean you know that way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way well okay um I mean um I mean I mean you know outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name you know okay well well I mean well like so is Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor like you know well um like you know um I mean and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this you know okay um I mean uh like like so is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it you know you know I mean well well uh you know okay goes. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do uh okay um um well um okay like it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want well uh so um like um you know so to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah well so okay I mean uh like you know so. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out um okay so uh uh so okay okay the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time you know well like uh uh uh uh you know. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But well like well like okay I mean like okay you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the like I mean so well so uh okay you know moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would okay um like so so so like okay always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of you know uh well okay well so so so this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up like well like well you know well like like RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am like well uh so um like uh okay I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super I mean uh okay okay okay you know okay um early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some I mean uh so um well um um I mean fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like okay okay well okay like I mean I mean you know what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I so so like okay I mean so um I mean just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by I mean so um okay you know so well you know with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh I mean okay like so you know I mean okay uh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I well um you know I mean well okay so like just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on so like um um um uh I mean uh some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness so okay like okay you know I mean so like at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in like so you know okay uh you know uh so the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I so okay well I mean uh you know um uh am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I okay you know okay uh you know so you know okay highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions um you know I mean uh so uh you know uh on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free you know you know like uh so well I mean well editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you I mean um well so you know you know well like and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app so okay okay so like uh uh well or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot uh like I mean well so well like like f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of okay um okay like like um you know well the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so uh okay well so well like I mean uh much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a you know I mean like I mean you know okay okay so name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name um um like you know like I mean you know well kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think um um um okay I mean I mean well I mean that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the you know so um I mean um like um okay actual restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how well um I mean like I mean so um um we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind you know I mean so okay okay well you know well of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat okay um so well I mean uh um like Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food well well um okay uh uh I mean uh and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and thank I mean um um like uh uh so okay you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here like like I mean okay um okay I mean uh in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also you know well um you know okay you know you know so a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a like um well you know uh I mean like well number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the like like so well I mean like uh I mean content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which you know well I mean well so uh okay um is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the okay so so um so so I mean okay Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening like okay uh so okay so well you know via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if um um okay um okay you know okay so you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If well um uh well well um um okay so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business uh like you know you know you know like so well tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for well you know so um well uh like I mean / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward okay well I mean um like um you know uh slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous uh well well um like okay okay um. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure I mean like well uh I mean um so okay. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son uh so I mean um well you know so um of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast um um like so okay so um like of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim uh well you know so like I mean um you know to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 I mean uh uh I mean um so uh I mean extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain well okay uh like like um okay uh fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them so you know um uh so well okay like. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in like like so um you know uh like I mean addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode so I mean you know I mean uh like uh I mean on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast um okay well I mean okay um like um from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank um like so I mean like like I mean you know you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where okay so I mean you know like well uh okay we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in um so um I mean like like well well the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a uh uh well like like um well like local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which well I mean I mean you know well like like like which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? well like uh okay um you know so I mean My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us like um well um well um I mean uh on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it well so okay uh like okay okay I mean. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy you know okay you know well so um um I mean. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good so well uh okay like okay uh I mean mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching I mean like so like so so um um the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy um um like uh um uh so um. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here um okay I mean so uh okay so so soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests uh uh I mean um I mean uh um uh Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? so okay you know okay um well um okay Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for you know well you know so uh um um so having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast you know I mean um okay so uh uh uh. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle um I mean you know well um so okay well moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this I mean uh okay well uh okay okay you know and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you uh you know uh um well so okay well listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll okay like like uh okay well like um both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, um so you know I mean uh um you know uh why don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the um you know you know um you know like so um blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on I mean well so you know so you know well um my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much okay um you know I mean so okay well you know for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the like okay like I mean like so um um time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not take um I mean you know you know okay okay like like the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after a well um uh okay well I mean okay okay really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard place uh okay like okay um like um um of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and for me okay well I mean so like um you know okay to take a few steps back and really realize what are the gifts that God has given you know well uh I mean well you know like uh me what has God given me to impact to make an impact and well I mean so you know uh well well you know I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten you know well well I mean well so like um and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its uh like well so uh you know well okay easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools so um I mean okay well like like well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor I mean you know okay okay you know like like you know will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify well um you know like I mean you know uh you know Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum so you know um I mean well I mean um okay listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download uh um you know so I mean so I mean well the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, okay um okay so well uh um so howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about okay well so you know I mean uh okay um President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason concepcin uh I mean uh I mean well so um so Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought well I mean you know uh you know so okay okay the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh like okay you know you know like uh so okay my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute power like so um uh you know like like well. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like like uh uh like like um okay you know diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our I mean so you know well you know um you know like political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a okay so um you know you know you know um so decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we like well I mean you know okay okay you know okay have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making you know okay uh um okay I mean you know you know the decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job well I mean I mean you know so um okay um is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first so I mean you know so well like um uh fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about um okay so um um you know well you know starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor um like uh like you know so you know okay is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their uh uh you know so so I mean I mean you know creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like um you know uh okay you know um so or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple um okay uh I mean okay you know like uh podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership uh like like I mean um so um um. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download you know I mean so so uh uh um well the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll um um um well I mean so well well learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best okay okay well well I mean like well okay deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and one I mean well so you know um um uh well of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free you know so well you know well um okay okay. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from well I mean uh um um um um uh your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be I mean well um like um I mean I mean so heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from um like okay well uh you know um well your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast I mean okay um um okay uh okay like in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome so uh I mean I mean okay well I mean like to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was like uh well so I mean like okay I mean it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our okay well um um like okay so I mean theme song that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly I mean like I mean I mean uh well um um you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere okay um well uh you know um well um Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever you know I mean like um I mean I mean I mean um considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I um well so uh like like well okay can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get uh you know well um I mean so you know like it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I I mean okay okay so um you know okay you know had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms well uh okay you know well well um like again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from uh I mean uh like um okay you know I mean my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can I mean okay well so I mean like I mean um do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with um um I mean so like uh like well so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to start you know uh you know um I mean you know I mean so a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the you know you know you know um okay um um so free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again I mean okay like like I mean well okay you know download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of I mean like um you know okay like okay well an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought so like like like uh so uh okay I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be um I mean like like um like um I mean about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up you know I mean um okay okay uh you know okay for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven so um well well so okay I mean like years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything well well like okay I mean uh okay uh about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I okay you know so um okay uh you know uh thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips uh uh well um uh well um well and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're I mean well I mean you know so well well you know listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to um okay uh well like um like um management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on you know uh so so well okay uh uh anchor where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the okay I mean like uh like um you know well Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely okay okay well so okay so I mean you know the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this well so I mean you know so like so I mean thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is um okay well uh um um uh I mean Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based I mean uh you know so I mean um you know so community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is okay like so like so you know so like honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for um so uh well um um I mean you know it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little well so um um you know um um like bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's like I mean uh so like well like I mean for. So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our I mean I mean you know you know like you know um you know values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years um like uh um you know like like well old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an well like you know um um you know okay well opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities a uh you know you know you know so I mean like I mean podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as well. Hey you know so well I mean well I mean I mean so guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities well I mean like well okay well like uh. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm your well you know like well uh uh okay um host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow it so you know okay you know you know uh okay you know on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know? Yeah, okay well you know um I mean I mean okay okay just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode like you know like uh you know I mean I mean so of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to well uh you know okay I mean well okay you know talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are uh I mean so well like uh uh I mean bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American okay you know well uh uh okay so well markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick you know well you know I mean you know um like well one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is um like I mean so so I mean like well brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had well I mean like well okay so well uh a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day okay like you know um well like well you know yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told I mean like so uh I mean I mean so so me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest um um well so I mean uh okay I mean way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday so like um I mean okay you know uh I mean did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin okay I mean I mean uh you know uh okay um. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we talk you know so uh so you know like so um to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and on so I mean I mean um you know um uh you know today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are releasing you know well well so you know so um like an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting a an okay well um uh so um well okay SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be I mean um okay like uh uh like uh able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top you know so like like um like uh like of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into um well um I mean uh okay well uh creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've like um okay so I mean I mean I mean uh been working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and okay like uh okay you know uh um so how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've like um you know like so like so uh created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on um um you know well so I mean like so the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want so you know well you know okay so well okay to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have you know so well so so well okay I mean a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor I mean you know well well um um I mean like is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's okay okay uh uh okay I mean well like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your okay so so I mean so okay well so phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard like um um you know you know you know um so on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you so uh well so you know um so like can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to so I mean well okay um I mean uh um make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to you know I mean so uh so so uh um the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host uh so um you know um so like uh Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got four like so so okay okay you know um well main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good okay you know um I mean you know uh uh I mean and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you record uh um so well so well I mean well and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your podcast uh well um uh uh you know I mean you know everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking to like um I mean so okay um okay so start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? uh like you know well so well well so Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today so um like so okay so so okay. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind uh so well well so you know like okay of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here you know so well I mean I mean um you know uh Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we uh um okay you know um I mean I mean like just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on okay so I mean uh uh I mean you know you know the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank so you know um um um uh okay I mean you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners um okay well you know uh okay okay I mean. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi uh um you know okay okay okay well okay Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey you know um so like um I mean uh so covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time I mean uh um I mean uh I mean you know well major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields so you know uh um you know like well um in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell okay you know you know okay you know um you know uh given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably like so well um okay um okay you know not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of well I mean I mean um so I mean like okay weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks you know well so so uh so I mean I mean in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're you know you know like okay like like you know like writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that uh you know well like um okay well so the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 22 um well uh I mean uh I mean like I mean. Percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and like like like well okay okay um I mean they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward like I mean like you know so well like uh where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you uh I mean I mean I mean uh you know okay uh for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast okay uh okay I mean like well okay um. And this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the well uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean um 8th of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two like okay like well so so like like female podcast. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? um uh you know um uh uh well I mean Okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge I mean well uh I mean I mean like okay so piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it um you know okay you know like um well so might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that well uh well so okay okay like um people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled well like like you know um um like like across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in um you know uh you know like well okay okay this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the I mean um um like like so like um audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you like um I mean I mean okay I mean uh I mean enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, I mean like so um well uh you know well you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of you know well you know uh I mean uh well like that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let well like uh so um well um like me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm so so like well well so uh well Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at okay like you know so I mean I mean I mean well the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of um I mean like I mean okay like well uh us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we I mean so um like okay so you know I mean want to do at least until a few decades in we go through many false um uh okay so um well um you know starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly well um well I mean I mean you know you know I mean right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you you know so um I mean uh well I mean okay please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really so well well um like well well um help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we so like okay okay well so uh well are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March so uh okay uh I mean uh uh uh the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for you know um you know you know uh well so okay Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this like you know okay okay uh so so um is the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory well you know um well like I mean okay uh will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet like I mean so okay so like well you know. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do I mean like uh I mean well so okay so need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's you know I mean you know um I mean um you know I mean Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and I mean you know uh okay um uh okay I mean Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from like well uh well so okay so I mean their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being you know well you know you know I mean like okay like in our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, you know you know okay um I mean like well you know maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like so well uh so so okay um I mean nervous today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why so well you know okay okay so like so I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to uh like so so I mean so I mean uh this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here uh you know um okay you know well so well for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I mean like okay I mean so so um you know I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I well like um well okay you know um um hate more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight uh you know like you know so so like well say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his you know I mean so uh um okay I mean I mean goodness and mercy in your life. What a God we have to uh okay you know you know well I mean so I mean worship. What a son we have to praise. What a future lies before like uh okay so okay um um like us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you um like like uh I mean you know you know like are aware of what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message um I mean you know um well so uh I mean for you from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone well I mean I mean uh so so well like Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke I mean well I mean uh um well you know uh. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing I mean um um okay well uh you know um good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk well um you know so uh uh I mean well now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What like uh so okay well um well uh a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so I mean okay you know uh okay so I mean um far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 I mean I mean you know like okay okay okay you know drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans I mean uh uh uh okay I mean like okay and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and then um I mean like well uh so you know uh of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class okay like like so okay okay so um president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please start so uh I mean uh okay well uh you know sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying so well you know so you know uh so um solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have so uh I mean uh like um okay so some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as well well okay so um so you know so my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off um okay you know you know you know you know uh so what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about so okay you know well you know well um uh Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could okay well I mean uh well you know uh you know have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like I mean so I mean so like you know so so my new front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use so so um you know you know you know so well it to purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast like like well um uh uh okay I mean. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you uh like uh well I mean well you know okay gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media today so okay um you know like okay I mean um. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma um so like well I mean well like so route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand so okay um um uh well uh uh CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So well um like you know well you know okay like welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting you know so um um I mean well uh okay a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across um so um uh uh well um well to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born I mean uh I mean you know I mean so well um and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New Zealand I mean I mean uh you know so uh you know okay and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode. We you know I mean uh uh I mean so uh okay are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you can um um I mean I mean you know um um I mean apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved one well so I mean so uh like um so with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and I mean so I mean uh well I mean I mean so mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling you know like um um like um like so and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate um I mean I mean like I mean well so um through tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of okay you know okay you know um you know like I mean social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast where we uh like I mean well I mean I mean um I mean plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social concerns to pineapple on so um um so I mean well I mean well pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews with guests from uh uh well um like well like I mean both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on having discussions and debates on like like I mean you know I mean uh you know you know a Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will okay well um so so like I mean well be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments uh um okay so um well well okay. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter so well uh I mean I mean you know well uh happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range like you know so like okay you know like like of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for okay okay okay uh well um so so our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will well so okay so like so well you know join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're uh like you know um well uh like okay well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this well uh well like uh I mean I mean um week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really I mean okay you know you know okay uh I mean I mean surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good so so I mean okay like I mean um um at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that so uh uh um um uh okay so. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that well so well okay well you know well well so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through so uh um I mean well so you know uh those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and uh so well so like so okay I mean you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I so well you know I mean so like I mean well don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire well I mean um uh so uh uh um mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is you know um okay so I mean so so so about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to you know uh like um you know well um so youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last like okay so I mean you know you know um I mean time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like sit so you know um you know you know uh like okay down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things that nature you know you know uh like you know I mean uh so. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded with okay you know so uh uh I mean I mean like a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really epic so uh okay well uh uh well I mean. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that I like uh like I mean so well so uh own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings well uh so you know uh I mean you know so ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations and like so uh you know you know like so I mean marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and you know um okay so okay uh like okay there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called so I mean you know I mean um like um well mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating I mean uh so uh okay um so okay and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast well you know I mean you know um okay uh like forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the you know I mean like okay okay you know so like easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free like you know um well well well like um. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record okay uh um I mean like you know okay I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your you know like well okay you know well um so podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more like okay well well well uh I mean well platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership uh well so so so um okay you know guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one um like okay uh well okay well um place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to like like well okay uh I mean like uh get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my um so um um you know I mean I mean like podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If well you know so I mean so so so um you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I post well okay so well you know okay like okay regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God. And that uh um so you know uh okay I mean uh is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real um um okay okay I mean well well you know life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking I mean well I mean I mean I mean like like well very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this well okay you know um you know okay okay like is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously well well uh um well like um I mean avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different um well so okay like so uh well. I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's so well I mean like well you know so uh the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of you know okay okay okay I mean you know so I mean mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off so okay um okay you know so well uh social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole you know I mean you know uh um like I mean so bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to I mean you know well okay okay okay uh you know like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it uh like you know I mean you know okay like you know back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your because uh okay well well you know uh well like life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka um um so so like you know I mean well last week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I so like so uh uh like you know like spend the weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a you know uh well I mean well you know you know okay panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back okay uh like so you know like I mean I mean right now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time well like you know like you know you know uh so I've invited Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's well uh well well uh I mean well so in this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think um so uh well so I mean okay like he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a okay okay um okay you know you know like you know quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast uh well I mean you know I mean like so well tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there I mean uh okay so well okay okay uh was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, like like you know um um I mean um I mean they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got like you know well um well uh I mean like free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like like well you know like you know so so you know I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good well well okay so well uh so um time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you uh I mean okay you know okay like like okay know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes I mean I mean like well so so uh uh it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has all the creation like so okay um uh so you know I mean tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer plus um um um so so um I mean well anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found well like okay okay um well um well even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting out I mean I mean um okay so um well like. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out download you know um so I mean um uh uh um the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started like well okay uh okay uh like like. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees like okay I mean uh I mean like so like Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do I mean well so um well okay well uh a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was uh um you know you know you know so like well so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like um well well um uh um uh um it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, uh so so like like well um uh like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you uh uh uh you know I mean well um uh may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's um okay you know I mean I mean okay uh okay like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're like so okay like okay so you know like at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat on um so okay um you know well okay like and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic out well like uh um so so like um of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just okay you know okay um okay like um you know good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that um uh um like so so okay well if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to um I mean okay um um so um okay one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over I mean so um uh uh uh um um tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight you know um so so so you know okay uh years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam I mean I mean like okay like like well okay Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went okay you know well I mean you know well I mean you know to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to okay okay uh so like okay like I mean the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in um well like um okay like you know uh the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when okay um so like um like you know um they went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the um well like uh uh well um uh NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a um so like um you know like I mean okay church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to well you know you know um like I mean okay well the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on I mean like you know like well I mean okay you know sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today so so like well um okay like you know. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I okay well uh like like you know um um really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you enough um I mean okay well well um I mean well on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today well okay like okay you know um so well and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity so um I mean I mean um like like so business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and you know like so uh I mean um you know I mean get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick okay okay like I mean uh um well so read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever okay um so I mean okay um like so by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D um um I mean okay I mean um uh you know Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully you know so I mean so like you know like um say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my you know like so well like so okay I mean time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me be okay I mean uh you know you know well so so stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's nice well so like well um so you know um to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm um okay uh uh like so uh like excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I okay so you know like you know uh like like like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every so um you know uh well uh uh like now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me so okay uh I mean um okay I mean I mean. I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for I mean I mean okay so I mean um uh okay quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a so I mean well so so okay uh like pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making well so I mean so uh um um uh a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you well like um so so okay well so who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert um so okay I mean well well I mean uh Keegan Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field well well um I mean uh well I mean um of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening uh so like um I mean um like uh to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview like okay so uh I mean you know um you know of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for um you know so um so you know um well the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan well um so uh um I mean okay you know isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but okay so like well okay uh so like also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for uh um well you know uh so uh okay you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy um uh you know uh okay okay I mean like. Now. What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is well so okay uh um uh you know uh that people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us I mean uh so um okay you know well you know medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a you know okay so uh uh like uh okay doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an I mean um okay uh okay I mean um so easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting like so well um I mean you know um uh for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older well well like like uh so like so brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go um you know okay I mean I mean you know I mean so home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd. Now so okay okay okay um I mean okay okay look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you uh okay like um okay um well uh guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see her well well um like um well okay uh back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman well I mean okay I mean you know uh you know so. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta like I mean I mean um um well like so Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things um okay like well okay so you know so happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with like I mean you know like okay you know so so ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's so I mean so okay so you know you know so back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another like so I mean well so well um so few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You uh you know uh I mean um I mean you know like need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have to really okay so like um uh okay so well focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good to be so so well so I mean okay you know like able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves I mean like I mean like well I mean so okay and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished like I mean okay um uh you know well uh it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another like uh well like well uh okay I mean episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for um like so uh um you know okay uh strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating well I mean okay you know well uh I mean uh your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides you know uh okay you know like okay I mean like the real you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to uh well so well so well I mean I mean be helping each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding okay I mean um okay okay um uh well the power of why why is the foundation that will keep you going okay I mean so I mean I mean you know I mean like when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm okay uh so you know like um you know well host Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you so so I mean well so uh like you know want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can uh like um so like I mean I mean uh do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts I mean um so I mean you know uh okay uh or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind um like um uh um um um uh of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s I mean okay you know so okay okay I mean um. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about the you know well well uh uh so okay I mean American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost okay you know okay um like you know like so synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout so um so uh uh uh I mean so celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known I mean I mean um I mean you know like uh well organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the only game okay like well okay uh you know well I mean in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a okay well like well so okay I mean so virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome well okay um well you know I mean well well to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm okay uh um uh you know like you know I mean Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of like uh okay I mean you know like I mean like pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we um okay so okay I mean you know like uh talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week well like um you know okay okay um okay. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I okay well so you know I mean okay I mean um believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast okay okay you know okay you know I mean like uh with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for um I mean uh like like so uh like tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what okay so like okay you know I mean I mean so why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to uh like I mean I mean well so you know uh me, let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an so um you know okay um okay so I mean RD for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places so I mean um so so well well I mean. I started off at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a um you know like like you know I mean okay well clinic Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to so so well I mean you know okay well you know the Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I like you know I mean okay uh like well okay was able to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, well like so you know like well you know you know we had follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more um okay um so okay um like so than five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to okay um you know okay you know well okay so squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired well like well like so so you know um at this point because they've been here for a while and then I come uh so uh like so I mean well well in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's you know well like like um um like like over. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here I mean uh well so so uh okay so with my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast I mean like you know well okay so I mean uh couldn't make it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just so I mean okay so you know uh um so introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said uh um uh like well so um okay you had to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of you know um okay I mean okay so okay uh us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host so uh like so you know well okay okay your math isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he I mean uh like um uh well um so co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and you know you know um uh I mean like so so friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy uh you know okay okay I mean um okay you know Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to okay uh you know well well you know okay so help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time like uh well I mean well like um so for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you you know um you know okay so I mean um you know visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read okay well uh uh you know you know okay well Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into well well uh like um okay uh I mean some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right I mean well uh uh uh you know like um away. The first question that came from our members this year and some of well I mean uh well so uh so well our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women okay so um well well um okay okay join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana um uh um okay okay so well well. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best like uh uh you know okay okay so like friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take on well um uh so like well um so every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're not um um uh well like you know okay um live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect on okay so like um so like uh I mean these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening okay I mean like like well well um um. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB and chill in this um well you know uh uh uh I mean I mean episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic I mean well okay you know so okay okay okay relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is because I well you know like uh okay so you know you know had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was doing this well okay um okay so uh like I mean podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a series so you know okay like you know uh uh so is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering so okay well so I mean um you know uh purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better you know uh you know uh you know you know um um understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the well like okay so um well you know I mean joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated um I mean like I mean um uh so you know environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came like okay you know okay I mean well well like from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the well okay um you know I mean uh okay well happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany okay okay like so I mean you know well okay when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences uh you know I mean um well I mean okay okay. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in I mean uh well you know I mean you know uh I mean me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book I mean I mean well well I mean I mean you know you know series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas okay okay you know um well well you know okay retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re um you know okay uh um um okay well attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig okay like okay you know uh okay I mean I mean Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about okay okay like like so so you know like am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new uh like I mean uh you know uh well um people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can um okay um so um okay you know uh be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and uh like um you know uh um well okay Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We I mean okay uh uh uh uh so uh just filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from okay like I mean I mean you know like you know uh taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this you know you know you know like well like you know well podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have so uh uh like um I mean uh I mean all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them you know I mean so um uh well okay so with our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down okay so okay you know I mean okay uh you know and I are just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles you know I mean uh okay like you know well like. So we're just going to tell you what we would hope that we would um uh okay so so so okay well do in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also like I mean so like uh well well um tell you what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do uh so um uh so I mean I mean I mean combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all okay uh well um okay uh well you know that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of okay like I mean okay okay well you know well mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand you know um so um uh you know um you know new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over well um um uh like um um I mean until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters I mean okay well uh well I mean well so and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein you know uh well uh like um I mean uh advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked so so I mean um like like like you know a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same well um um you know so like like so question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single okay um so okay uh so you know um mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new you know um I mean like you know uh I mean you know person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters I mean I mean okay you know like okay I mean uh on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc you know so uh like I mean you know I mean uh treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a I mean like so okay so I mean uh um regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from like so well so well uh like um the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in um you know you know um uh you know um like terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts okay I mean well you know like you know okay well of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands you know well okay okay uh um well like at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment I mean you know um you know okay um okay well has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're so you know well uh so so well well tuning in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that I mean you know so um I mean uh well so means I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the uh like uh like um okay well uh fifth. So I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is okay okay uh um okay you know um like going to be my home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets um well I mean okay I mean so you know um to kind of group grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely um okay um well like like like like hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do you know uh like well well okay you know well it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is um well so you know uh uh so well the first show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring you know uh okay okay like uh okay uh season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, you know okay I mean like uh so you know you know that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host so well I mean okay uh okay so I mean and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what well well okay so you know uh you know I mean a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk to you know uh okay like um well okay well the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick you know uh so I mean okay like like um how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you um I mean I mean well um okay like um back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because I I mean okay uh um okay okay well I mean had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is I mean well um um uh um um so a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind of lost you know um um um um well um you know. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma uh okay okay well so okay well um unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was okay like you know like so um I mean so a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions uh so well well uh so um well that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my I mean you know uh so you know well like well life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding um like uh well okay well so um perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating you know uh um like um so like like our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives you know well you know you know I mean you know um well. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only you know okay like well well you know um um and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all you know you know well so I mean so uh um opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect okay well uh uh um so okay okay the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry like uh well I mean I mean okay okay like regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor uh so um uh well you know so so reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative okay um you know so I mean so well well Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are okay like well you know like well okay so not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where like like so I mean uh you know like well we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund um okay okay you know so you know well like managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of I mean so you know I mean okay okay like like the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of well um uh I mean like um uh I mean Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to okay okay well okay you know like uh I mean capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare uh uh like um um like well okay Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is a senior okay you know okay um you know well I mean okay operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people and design okay uh um okay I mean well okay okay thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive career transfer okay I mean I mean so you know well uh uh me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your career uh um like you know like like you know I mean path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is okay okay uh so you know um okay well all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space well so okay well so uh uh like to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me in I mean you know like uh like you know um well rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold uh so okay uh like like I mean so and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds um uh I mean I mean like so uh you know of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we uh like okay um you know uh uh um have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the well like I mean I mean well okay well I mean things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs parents families uh uh like okay so you know you know okay friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be um so okay you know so well well you know talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to okay so uh um I mean okay um I mean your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the so so um so I mean you know well well word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning I mean so you know I mean so um like like equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was well you know so uh well okay um okay tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM like well okay uh so I mean uh well translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with um so like um uh I mean um uh the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme I mean you know okay um like um uh um or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount I mean um I mean well you know um you know well and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to you know I mean okay so I mean I mean um okay the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode of like so uh I mean like well I mean I mean the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members on we're well um well okay so okay okay okay going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going down soon. You uh well well um like I mean so um know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a couple co-host well okay uh like uh um you know you know with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real quick for uh so well I mean uh well okay uh the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret everything UFC uh well okay you know okay you know okay uh on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack uh uh um so so you know you know um AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because like okay I mean like okay okay okay I mean of the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're uh you know so I mean you know so uh well not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their I mean like um uh so okay well like wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry you know so uh well um you know um um woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So uh um I mean I mean um you know well so I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made like well uh I mean um like well you know a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but I mean you know um okay I mean um well uh about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, so uh okay uh you know um well so I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made you know so like I mean so you know um I mean this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners uh okay um um so so you know so groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one so uh well I mean uh well well so individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize you know okay I mean so like well you know uh Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you so like like well you know like um you know just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless like like so uh okay I mean I mean like. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he like okay well you know um okay um uh just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and uh um so so uh well like you know show me a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit okay so you know okay I mean uh okay um him with an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you um um okay uh um so so well know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going to so uh you know uh um okay okay you know find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll okay so like I mean I mean um like um be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about so I mean okay so um I mean well like creating your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is so well so okay okay okay um you know your One Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you well uh okay you know I mean so uh well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It well um so um well I mean okay well also distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you I mean I mean well well uh well I mean um an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get okay I mean you know um um so I mean okay into download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It like uh well um I mean okay uh I mean started. Hey, welcome back. So been a couple days since I did my last uh well so uh um I mean so you know podcast as well as my last, you know update on this kind um so okay uh I mean uh okay so of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this like uh um I mean well like well well this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and so well um okay well you know so uh it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started like uh um so so like you know okay talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms uh okay um I mean so um well you know beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and uh well you know okay okay uh okay uh prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life okay like I mean uh okay well okay okay and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your um you know like so I mean um so okay entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link I mean you know so I mean you know uh you know uh in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas uh so uh well okay so um well this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat uh so um I mean I mean like well um will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online I mean well okay uh uh okay I mean like and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the so um so you know you know like you know like five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast. Let you know like I mean so uh like you know you know me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation tool um uh um you know so uh okay uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay um um well uh uh I mean so or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so okay like well well like well I mean can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you you know so like okay okay well uh okay can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in um okay you know uh uh um okay like one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business you know so so well you know um like okay thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be so um I mean so like um so so seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if um you know okay I mean uh so um okay you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife I mean you know uh well you know I mean well you know show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and so well so like well um uh I mean there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if so well I mean I mean uh so so like the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones so uh so like uh um uh you know and that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I okay I mean you know you know well you know um well have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm so I mean okay so I mean you know like okay in the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last okay well so you know uh I mean I mean okay week. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I like well so you know like okay like I mean actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's you know I mean okay um okay well I mean like something that I want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience like uh okay okay so um okay I mean for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for like I mean you know okay okay like uh I mean more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British you know like okay you know like I mean okay well Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast like I mean okay I mean okay um okay I mean this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and you know uh so well well well well like Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues like uh well okay so so you know okay from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to so you know I mean like you know well uh I mean the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on so okay okay um I mean um okay well the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team um well I mean okay you know uh you know um you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based well you know um like like uh you know so in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks you know uh well so so so um um at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor which well you know like well so um okay so by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain first I mean uh well uh I mean you know you know okay off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record and you know uh okay um you know I mean I mean uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for so uh like you know well so like well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of other well like um so you know okay uh uh places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it easy with you know well well okay okay so you know like minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish so okay so so well I mean uh so I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F um well so uh um um uh uh m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for uh I mean um um um um uh so the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March okay so I mean um I mean well okay like for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked up this I mean okay you know okay I mean okay uh um morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last well um you know um um uh so so night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough time uh well I mean you know uh so well so to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out of time um like I mean um um so okay so. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I'm like okay okay I mean okay you know uh so answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance you know okay okay okay I mean well like like. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what like like uh you know uh um um um it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you um uh um um um um uh well buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row okay I mean you know okay um you know um like for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or uh you know okay so okay I mean well um rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget so okay well I mean I mean like you know okay for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple um so okay um uh okay uh you know of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually I mean so you know like so I mean I mean um a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are well like uh I mean okay okay I mean okay back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not I mean well I mean uh I mean okay I mean I mean on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have uh I mean you know uh so well you know uh been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and well uh so well like I mean well uh I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to I mean okay like I mean I mean I mean um um meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's you know so like you know so so you know I mean her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some like so you know um okay um well I mean of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was I mean I mean um okay like so I mean you know like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can uh like okay okay so um okay okay unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to um okay like like okay you know uh like celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited well um uh you know well um you know well to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years okay so um okay like okay um um. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit to do uh okay well uh so you know okay like it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series well you know I mean so like you know I mean I mean. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key you know uh uh I mean like well okay uh areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of uh okay so you know I mean you know okay um course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi like so uh uh okay I mean okay you know there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul well well you know like like okay like um mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some uh um you know so you know like I mean so of you don't some of you guys have this idea of like I mean so okay uh okay uh um so a twin flame some of you don't but today we're going to look at so like um well uh like I mean okay soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode uh like like so like um you know I mean number 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And so okay like so I mean um well well then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on like so well okay um you know I mean so luck. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime uh I mean okay like um I mean you know like where you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was like like I mean um I mean so um okay out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and you know uh um uh uh uh you know uh it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So so well uh like you know you know uh um I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best like like um well okay well uh well right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing okay okay like uh um um I mean I mean cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're you know well I mean okay you know um uh um just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course you you know like um okay okay so uh well do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own horror podcast, whatever you know okay um um uh uh well um kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a new uh I mean okay you know okay like like uh all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast you know so well uh well um well like and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to record and okay well uh you know so well um well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor will I mean I mean I mean like okay okay okay like Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify or well okay you know um so uh uh you know everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make a podcast well uh okay like so I mean well well all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app or I mean um I mean uh like you know well okay go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for like um okay well um I mean like okay the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up like I mean uh uh okay so um um because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to um you know I mean um um well you know um the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today um so so uh uh like okay um. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates like so you know uh okay so I mean you know are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right you know okay uh um uh I mean so um that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're so so so okay um um like okay going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost I mean okay like so okay I mean well um to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to well like so like so so okay um hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam I mean um okay well uh um so okay. How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so um you know like okay um well um um far. Yeah, it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually uh like I mean well okay uh uh okay I'm going to schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll so so you know okay um you know like I mean save it to come out later because I will be traveling back to um uh well okay like okay uh uh Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then you'll remember that that I you know you know you know well you know uh well um was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when I'm recording this and yet uh I mean okay so so um okay you know going back to Japan. So this one will you'll be listening to this while I mean so you know okay like okay like okay I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment so so so so um well I mean I mean trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so like well you know um like um you know uh on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but well you know okay like you know you know um so do we really know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees you know I mean uh um like uh you know like with me and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for like well you know so so well uh I mean Annie graph. When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a okay like like uh uh well um so technical approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by well you know okay so um um uh you know looking at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience um um like like um um well so and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in uh okay you know um okay um like like one place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and you know well well so you know you know uh like filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be um uh I mean you know uh um you know uh tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of uh well I mean um okay um like well them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues okay you know uh uh well well okay uh as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise I mean uh uh um you know so I mean well when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I so um um okay well I mean I mean um always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly uh you know like like uh uh you know I mean me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm well you know you know uh well um I mean well in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would I mean um so like well like okay I mean you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys well well so um well you know like okay said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? so like um uh well you know uh well I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries you know you know I mean well okay um I mean um. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't well well uh uh like you know um so appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel like okay uh I mean um well like I mean you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the um like I mean well well I mean well well devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth uh so you know so well you know okay I mean Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in I mean well well well okay I mean I mean like your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily um um like well like I mean like well devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading from um you know well you know like I mean uh like number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you sons I mean okay okay um so I mean okay like of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of Israel has separated you from uh you know okay like so you know I mean um the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on their like you know I mean um um well I mean okay retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough to uh um okay so uh so uh I mean become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how you okay well okay well I mean like I mean uh can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the age okay I mean uh like well so uh um of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have been married for uh so well you know uh like like okay nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student loan so um okay um um okay I mean you know debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a hundred I mean so you know okay okay I mean I mean uh and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you I mean uh okay you know well I mean I mean well to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can um well um I mean like so so um use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come like well like okay well okay um well from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our like uh you know I mean well you know I mean you know aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more so so I mean um okay okay okay so the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of so like okay I mean um okay well you know us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light um uh uh okay like well well you know on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of so so um uh so you know well you know us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that like like um like I mean I mean okay so by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be you know I mean like I mean so um um like consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our own so well um well okay so okay okay creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde well like okay like I mean um well uh Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You are okay uh so uh so okay so uh of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad to um um I mean so so well so I mean finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from What's the like like you know I mean you know you know okay okay what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the white I mean I mean you know uh uh uh like um whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So okay uh I mean like I mean well you know so well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should we reschedule I mean well so I mean okay you know so so and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices you know you know okay uh so uh I mean uh in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the well well um you know okay um you know I mean Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes like I mean uh I mean you know um well uh. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to um you know well I mean you know uh you know uh start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you okay well so um I mean well I mean so haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's uh well um uh like okay I mean like free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your well I mean I mean uh okay well uh um podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it you know okay okay uh so uh okay well can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some you know uh uh so well like um okay money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to so like um so I mean well well I mean make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor um um uh um like um so okay app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to so I mean well like uh like I mean okay take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm so so you know um so you know well well having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth okay I mean like like okay like I mean like out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those uh um uh well so well you know okay who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on so I mean you know so um um uh I mean how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for so I mean you know I mean I mean uh I mean I mean you. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but okay you know I mean okay you know okay like you know just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as like well I mean uh like like okay uh you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet you know well uh so like so uh you know or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the uh so I mean um you know I mean okay so easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free I mean uh I mean well uh you know like uh. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow you so like I mean you know um so uh um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute okay you know so um uh you know you know uh your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many you know like uh so uh uh like well many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you um like okay um so um like I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need to uh so like you know like you know like well make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting um I mean you know uh I mean well you know um a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor uh okay well like uh uh um well app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following well uh uh um uh you know uh okay is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The well okay so I mean uh okay um well True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining I mean uh well so so well uh okay us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you I mean like you know okay okay okay well like. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to okay like I mean so like I mean so so take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, there's well uh well uh so I mean you know um many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the kids um like like okay um well you know like do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in this household you know so you know I mean I mean um um you know and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch not walk um okay like I mean you know you know okay uh on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it. Do like well so so uh um uh you know not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So when I mean well so uh like like so well you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just can't so okay you know okay you know um uh well help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch uh you know well well uh like well okay them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I uh uh um well you know um okay uh was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for uh um you know like um like I mean uh taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody out there like I mean okay okay well well um okay. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people so like I mean so you know uh I mean well knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we have I mean okay like I mean like you know you know so a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, so well so like you know uh okay I mean first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now okay I mean like you know okay you know um well with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I so you know well um you know okay so you know see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie. I you know well I mean um like so I mean you know am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to like so I mean I mean you know um so uh empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever I mean so I mean okay like I mean you know uh episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a well well so well well you know okay I mean corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment okay uh like um like uh like uh and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties you know so I mean like um well so you know and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal uh uh okay like okay okay okay so governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done so like you know like like okay like okay and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm well well um you know so well okay okay Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and well okay well uh okay so um like murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive like I mean so I mean um uh um well In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house so like um you know uh okay well okay near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and like you know I mean well I mean you know okay okay her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he actually okay uh um you know uh I mean I mean you know lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for uh like you know uh okay so so well you that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three like you know um you know so okay I mean you know words that you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just uh uh like you know I mean so uh okay narrow it down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell well okay I mean I mean well you know well like us a dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see um so okay so well like you know like what happens if I responded that way but here's my try. So why did you know well okay so you know okay so I mean the dad know that? His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was so well um well you know so well well Data I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew like okay um okay um I mean so um that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you know okay so like so uh okay like you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite like you know okay well so I mean so so artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary um I mean um like like you know um uh Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're you know you know uh so um well um okay listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an I mean uh uh I mean you know um I mean uh episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a I mean um you know well okay okay okay well premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So well so uh like so um like uh if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search I mean okay uh so okay you know um like for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give um I mean I mean um like you know um like us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see um um I mean okay um I mean well okay what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode uh um well so like I mean well uh 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot well so um uh like so okay okay of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the so well well so so uh like you know Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for so so okay um I mean I mean I mean you know me would be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the um you know well well uh I mean I mean uh podcast I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each like uh you know you know I mean so you know like week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the questions I mean you know okay uh uh okay well so that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety and uh I mean uh okay um like uh so housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat I mean like um um well like I mean okay. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University well um so okay like so I mean uh of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and you know like okay okay you know I mean okay well journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the uh I mean okay um you know like so uh impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand okay like okay I mean so um I mean like from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas so so um I mean so like you know like hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out okay so so so well um so I mean and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique well okay like um I mean like like well Joven. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all um I mean I mean uh so uh well so about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking uh like like I mean okay okay well well forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking so like well so uh you know uh you know about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what like um like okay so like okay well we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to uh I mean um you know well um well you know start us off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before um you know like so like so I mean um we move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we uh you know you know um like okay well you know should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm okay um I mean um um I mean so so Kate. I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit okay well like uh uh you know well so about us. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley well you know well you know so so so well College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, I mean well uh like I mean well uh I mean and it was very successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino so I mean okay well so you know so I mean Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation uh well uh okay um well I mean well in general assembly. So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is you know like you know uh uh um well um really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of uh um you know um like you know okay um Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston so okay so um well so okay uh. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of like uh you know you know I mean like you know well clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all you know well okay okay like I mean well uh. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency okay um I mean uh I mean like like like medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that you know I mean I mean okay so like you know um I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm well uh uh um I mean okay I mean you know good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you I mean so so you know I mean like uh uh know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I mean well um you know okay well okay I mean I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask so okay okay well like um like like me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid um um so um you know um okay okay whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like so okay so so okay well you know like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and so well well um uh uh uh you know it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow uh uh like like so so well you know could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's well well so okay I mean uh you know like so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you I mean I mean um well so like I mean okay were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you did so so so I mean like so uh uh too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess we can well I mean I mean like okay well so well use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's you know like I mean you know um okay uh um use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast okay um so well uh you know like you know just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's like I mean like you know okay um I mean like two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, um well I mean uh like you know um uh I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee you know um uh I mean okay well so uh that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah um okay I mean well um well like um. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you well um like uh you know so I mean uh for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make um okay um well like well okay so sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the so uh you know um uh well I mean um tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do like okay uh I mean okay um uh like call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys, so uh um uh well so uh um but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted you know so I mean well um um okay like us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with well so I mean I mean okay well well I mean Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote uh you know well well I mean okay um like all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 you know you know you know you know well you know I mean well we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of well so like okay um okay uh okay is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're so you know so you know like you know well I mean at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives like well okay so um so I mean you know and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically um so well so so like I mean so in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle I mean well uh well you know well um so Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock like uh I mean okay I mean so I mean well was there and I am also here we are three and one after a so well okay I mean well uh like okay decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking you know so so like I mean well uh well like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all um you know so so so okay I mean okay know about that line and how it moved over the past past few so okay like well okay I mean you know uh days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of uh okay like uh uh well okay like taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done um well well okay well um uh so that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's so like um so like like okay I mean not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot I mean um okay uh like I mean I mean so express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes well um um um well okay uh okay with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health well I mean um well uh you know uh so. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk so like um um uh you know um you know about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We uh like so okay like um I mean so felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental you know okay okay you know like um okay okay health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire like okay you know um okay I mean like well session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we uh you know so I mean like you know well okay couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto um so so um okay well you know um my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at things so okay I mean well I mean um uh well like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has any so okay like you know um uh um like so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still enjoy Listen to the um so you know like well okay so like podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll onto the normal I mean like I mean I mean well you know like so recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk uh okay um okay I mean uh well um about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance uh okay well well um okay um um of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the um okay like uh uh you know well you know tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired okay well you know uh um you know uh uh. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by like um so I mean I mean uh you know okay McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm I mean you know like so like well you know um going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey you know I mean like uh you know um okay like and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go well you know you know so you know you know you know um in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool uh so so like so okay um you know bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together um I mean um um I mean so like like before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off uh uh uh you know well I mean you know well on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta uh like I mean you know well you know so you know things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given like so um so you know well you know um against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs like uh uh well like like you know so to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing so so uh you know um well um well lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work well you know okay well well um I mean um and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time um uh you know um well like like like because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys you know uh um like so well okay okay can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't um okay well um so okay like okay think they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah you know so I mean um uh well like well schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the like um you know uh like well well uh definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch I mean you know you know I mean uh well okay well my other video about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that um I mean well I mean uh well okay you know video as well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are you know uh um like okay like um um some languages like Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any okay so so you know um so well like. Any articles at all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there so uh like well so uh uh okay are languages like German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles I mean you know well like so like so um but kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's well you know okay uh you know um I mean okay literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual um um I mean well I mean okay uh uh poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people okay uh okay well you know okay so you know I anchor so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's um okay you know um well um you know I mean free to you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your well so um so so um well you know podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming I mean like uh you know okay okay uh uh platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon like you know uh so you know uh okay okay but podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even make so uh you know okay so uh uh uh money off of this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's okay I mean um you know okay um so like free and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right I mean okay okay you know um you know so you know sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get okay okay you know I mean okay so so I mean started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to um um okay you know so you know like you know the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice you know okay uh well I mean uh well you know. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a like um uh okay uh like um uh lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and like okay uh you know uh well you know so we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got some fun like so well I mean um uh well okay engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for that and a well so uh I mean like so um okay fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end it off with some so you know I mean like like so uh like predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to I mean well you know you know I mean uh like uh be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and so so like uh like well you know I mean what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but like so I mean uh okay so okay I mean Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each well like well so I mean um uh well position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options uh um okay like you know okay so okay might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also like well uh uh you know you know well um what's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft I mean I mean um um so uh uh I mean class has to offer we will be going Each position group one by one well well you know you know um like um uh in the Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part so um like you know you know okay you know you know of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about um you know uh so okay like uh okay anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us so okay uh like you know well so well a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this okay so well um you know uh so you know episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find so so well okay well you know uh I mean offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th I mean so like well okay I mean I mean I mean in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is um so you know like like uh I mean uh at 3 a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm you know okay like okay I mean so you know you know were transfixed by a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if I mean um like well um you know well you know she sees us watching we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up okay uh you know um like you know uh so the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm like so well okay like okay okay um so sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental um um uh okay um I mean uh you know Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should okay okay uh I mean uh well so well have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned well well like well so well I mean um him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled uh I mean you know you know uh I mean I mean like the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman well well like like uh okay okay I mean would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very uh well I mean I mean uh I mean you know um still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the well well um um like I mean you know you know door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, well so well like okay I mean um well I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has uh like okay so um well uh like come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in like okay okay like like I mean uh I mean it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that you know uh you know okay you know okay okay well is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What like so well uh you know I mean I mean I mean breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing I mean well I mean I mean um I mean so you know. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I I mean um um um you know okay I mean well was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it like uh like uh okay like I mean uh actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the okay well like okay uh okay uh so problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just uh I mean so you know like well I mean well leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get I mean so uh you know okay so uh you know you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to okay uh you know like uh well I mean um get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the well like I mean okay I mean like so well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your uh okay um uh I mean uh well well way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever I mean so okay uh like so I mean I mean you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by like well um uh so okay okay okay whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally like well uh um so uh uh um free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor so I mean okay okay I mean uh well okay dot f m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This like uh um I mean I mean I mean I mean well is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's loss um you know well well so I mean you know um at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and 11 okay uh you know well um you know okay uh ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear you know so you know um so uh like I mean. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be uh well so like so um so well the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High like so well um um so you know like honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or uh um uh well okay well you know so take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it you know like um uh um okay so like. You know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March I mean I mean well you know I mean you know so so. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to like I mean like like um I mean you know I mean you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is you know like um um so I mean like well based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House you know okay like like so you know okay okay and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in you know so okay I mean well uh I mean well your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily well like well I mean I mean okay you know um devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm uh well um well okay like well um chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in so uh well so so like well like trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for my life like well well um uh okay okay uh is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta you know well so so uh uh um um the stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks like uh so you know um like I mean uh as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never like so you know um um so like I mean listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get uh so okay like so okay so so ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is like uh um you know you know you know okay so affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes like so uh like well I mean like like social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack uh so um I mean okay like uh well the racist tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of well okay well you know so like uh like the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth I mean like well okay I mean well well um Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is um well like I mean I mean uh like I mean God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my uh I mean like like well like well I mean friend? Brett I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking well I mean okay okay well um you know so the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have uh you know so like okay well so well you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my you know like so uh you know you know um like wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at um uh like okay so I mean I mean so my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after so um so you know uh I mean well I mean I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a uh so well uh well like like uh little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm going okay okay well I mean I mean you know okay like to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come uh I mean well uh well uh I mean I mean on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of um um uh so okay you know okay I mean the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting I mean well okay um so um okay I mean and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it well I mean you know so um um I mean well podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host uh uh so okay um like um I mean Jordan. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going I mean well okay um I mean you know you know I mean guys? This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a I mean like so um I mean so well like second. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady so okay uh you know um well you know I mean got his I knew as soon as I said it someone would okay so I mean you know I mean uh you know you know bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All okay well like uh so uh so well right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its okay well okay um um like uh well Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast um so so okay you know so okay like were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably I mean like like you know like I mean you know so going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to so um so okay um uh I mean so begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one you know uh you know uh um like okay okay and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk well um like uh you know um so so about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day like well um um well well so uh entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of so well um uh um well you know well this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing um you know like you know you know well like uh today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right okay okay well I mean so well I mean okay now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little okay well okay uh you know um well I mean bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the other uh so um like um um uh uh day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together okay okay well so like like I mean like so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm Chris rwk uh I mean uh like so okay I mean I mean. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we want to uh like uh so I mean okay so I mean say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle okay so well you know um um uh I mean for us and they want to do the same for you. So if you want to I mean uh I mean you know you know okay uh well check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love okay I mean well um you know uh I mean you know City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you uh well like okay uh so like like use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order uh I mean uh okay so uh uh like. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are screen printing well um I mean okay well you know uh you know company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever uh so um you know so okay well like you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at okay okay you know I mean um well so you know SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show well so you know okay so uh um well operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, uh I mean like well um you know well like but ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for um so okay um well um I mean so every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group um like well so so so so um to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds you know I mean so like like you know well I mean of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed okay like you know well you know so so okay by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast okay like um you know um well you know okay before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a uh so um um okay well so okay little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will uh well I mean uh um uh I mean uh admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, you know I mean okay uh um like okay so let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and uh so okay okay so you know well like edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for so I mean you know okay so well I mean you know you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my uh okay uh okay like so I mean like bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership I mean you know okay uh okay okay I mean well. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get okay like you know so well uh well um this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it um you know you know I mean I mean okay well you know. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome like um okay like uh so I mean well back Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm uh well like so so you know well like drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live okay uh um like like I mean like you know. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird well okay okay I mean so I mean uh you know. He's gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off you know okay well like so um well I mean as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of like you know um uh well you know uh I mean him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet okay well okay I mean um um um like. He's a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his well uh okay uh you know okay you know so little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior I mean uh well well so well you know like Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for so so um well well you know um like British Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims well um you know like I mean like um like to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work so you know like like you know so so okay of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this well um well well uh you know so well province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information I mean uh you know so I mean I mean you know okay. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our okay well you know um like so um so office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, I mean uh um so you know you know okay like we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast uh I mean like you know well I mean I mean you know. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there my um okay you know I mean like um so I mean hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going over all well I mean so so you know so uh um the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it uh so well um you know so well uh is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we you know so um so so like you know I mean are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest so I mean I mean um like I mean well you know today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where well okay I mean well uh okay um uh to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on well uh well uh well okay I mean uh. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go like like I mean like okay I mean I mean um ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave like I mean you know like so like um I mean that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't okay okay uh so um uh you know okay say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? um you know well so you know uh so I mean Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay you know uh um I mean you know I mean uh well emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading like okay uh uh okay I mean like I mean shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully like you know well like well uh I mean I mean but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit um uh um okay um so um so passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its I mean you know so I mean like uh well I mean cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying uh like uh okay um so um uh how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking so I mean you know well um so well I mean no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are uh I mean uh so I mean like so so producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically I mean like um okay um uh okay uh designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee like like um like you know so like so an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be so you know like like okay well um okay multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like you know I mean um uh I mean to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like you know well um well you know um uh Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I mean well so well um well I mean uh I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only okay well okay I mean so so well I mean known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is um well well you know so well you know I mean download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post okay I mean so okay okay uh so uh and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in uh um so uh uh uh um so all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do uh like I mean okay you know I mean okay so not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You so okay you know like okay so um you know also need to make use of it. If you have a message if okay um uh I mean I mean I mean uh so you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach well so um well I mean like you know uh out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you uh you know like uh um uh okay you know use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week on you know like you know um like I mean um I mean Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin I mean like so you know uh I mean I mean like heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery I mean I mean okay um well well well okay and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a okay like well like okay you know you know I mean long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered you know like well uh like like okay you know something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman uh I mean uh I mean uh you know so I mean ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her husband like I mean uh you know I mean well I mean I mean Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her you know okay uh uh well you know like um own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police um okay uh okay I mean okay well so resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of you know um okay so well um well well Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out so uh like um um uh um um our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into like well I mean I mean uh like so uh Some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever like um well so I mean I mean so like you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener so okay um okay um okay so so discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that uh uh like um so uh like uh some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy I mean so like so like like I mean I mean Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was uh uh uh uh I mean I mean um you know pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of um I mean you know um so so you know I mean New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and you know I mean so well I mean okay like so what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure well well I mean um well um uh okay. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke okay you know um well like I mean um well behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much you know I mean um you know so um uh okay a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore okay like you know okay um uh um so how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to okay I mean I mean so you know well you know uh change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of okay like you know so so so well um weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday like well you know okay well well well I mean because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to I mean um so um well well you know uh what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday so uh well I mean you know like okay uh. Does that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know okay well uh um you know you know like um like you think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's okay so okay so well you know you know you know actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris so I mean um like uh um so uh with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through um you know okay well um okay um uh the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special okay well so so okay um you know so on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the well I mean like I mean you know so okay like franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and uh you know um like um uh I mean I mean those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of well well I mean you know um uh uh uh Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm well like um uh um like um okay or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan so okay okay okay you know uh um you know of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you I mean um you know you know okay well um you know might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the okay okay I mean um I mean uh I mean so one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists I mean uh like like I mean well um so and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you you know well I mean so you know um okay I mean never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever okay like uh I mean so I mean so like you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't I mean so so like I mean so um you know done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast you know well you know okay like so like well on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure so um uh um okay well so um to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve so well so I mean okay um I mean so firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the well you know you know um you know uh I mean I mean mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's uh well um like you know like so um been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew uh I mean so I mean um so like so it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss you know so so so um like I mean uh or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good well well um I mean you know um um okay. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight I mean um so uh um so uh um was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will uh like you know you know you know like so so get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that like uh so okay well you know I mean uh were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how uh so so okay so I mean uh like we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you I mean um uh well you know like well um know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have um well uh well okay uh so um had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and okay I mean um well um uh um um it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by like uh uh uh uh okay so so far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In you know okay okay uh so um like so one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy um you know like uh you know like um I mean recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on you know so you know well okay like like I mean your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all um okay well so um uh okay like the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, well um well so uh so I mean like if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way to make you know um okay so okay um uh you know a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um you know okay so well okay I mean I mean right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it uh well so you know I mean I mean I mean I mean can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make you know like um okay I mean okay well I mean money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make okay uh like you know um like well well a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor I mean you know um you know I mean like I mean um dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's I mean so you know well I mean okay uh I mean the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that I mean like uh like okay so you know okay his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you know I mean I mean well um I mean uh you know you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I like uh I mean I mean okay so okay you know love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank um like I mean so I mean um so I mean you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue like like so okay well um um I mean and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue um okay so um okay you know okay so to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times well I mean I mean you know okay like like you know we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to um I mean uh well you know uh I mean uh where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those you know uh like uh you know okay uh like sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had great like well um you know um well so you know conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of like um okay like okay well uh well Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to uh um I mean um okay okay okay okay die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more uh you know well so um um like um money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, I mean uh you know I mean so so uh okay boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a well you know like so I mean you know like you know really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our app to okay I mean um so okay like like so help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have you know like um I mean like well you know I mean one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you so I mean uh so uh like uh I mean very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest names in so I mean so so um so uh I mean construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these days in I mean well well you know um um like uh all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent I mean um well so like so uh okay review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville fire so like well well you know well um so disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such like well okay well you know um like I mean poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at like you know you know like you know you know okay so grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy like uh like um well well so you know to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit okay well uh you know like you know so okay irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if you are you know like well so I mean uh so uh a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished something with well I mean I mean I mean uh I mean I mean uh me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and foremost say uh so like so okay you know um uh a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible if you haven't you know I mean well you know uh okay so you know Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in on well like okay I mean well well like um YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out well um well like like uh you know um to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away well um so uh uh um I mean so from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in you know um so I mean um like I mean okay football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our so so uh uh I mean um I mean okay band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly well well I mean I mean you know so I mean okay calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR you know I mean okay uh okay uh okay you know leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's like I mean well you know well um uh um simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to uh you know you know so so okay um uh deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It like well you know so I mean like okay uh features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work okay well well so I mean I mean like like conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how like you know you know like uh like you know um to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC like you know like well like I mean like you know Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning I mean uh uh I mean I mean uh so well and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics okay okay so uh uh well um I mean boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and um like you know uh well uh uh so Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control like um I mean you know well you know so um. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we so um well so uh um uh uh take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can okay um so uh you know okay like so kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points uh I mean uh like uh well I mean like right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life so like you know so well well I mean so. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living um okay so well well you know okay I mean organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking like well okay like like okay okay like about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You um I mean well well okay like um okay feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger um um like um like okay um uh and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of uh well um I mean uh uh well you know the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first um okay um well okay uh okay so sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I okay so okay you know so uh like like use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other okay you know uh you know you know so like so custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed you know okay well like um well okay okay. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have a free company logo um well so okay okay so like I mean stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going on I mean okay um so you know like so like there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create um you know you know like so I mean okay I mean anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom you know okay um so so so well I mean you want made they will work with you and they listen to their like I mean so like well okay well I mean customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 um uh like I mean I mean well so like coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and like so okay you know uh I mean like I mean I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you know, so uh you know so well so well you know my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're um um well okay I mean I mean well like good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this well um I mean I mean um uh well uh because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a well like I mean okay like um uh I mean chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in so I mean you know I mean okay um um you know any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks you know um like I mean you know like uh uh for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking um like so uh um um okay uh about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about okay um I mean okay um you know well I mean anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's um um so you know I mean um uh okay free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like okay I mean like I mean okay like okay right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So I mean uh so okay well like well you know you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make I mean so like I mean okay well uh like money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one like okay I mean like well so uh like place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get well um well like uh like uh I mean started. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join like so you know okay uh uh uh well me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If um I mean well like so okay like um you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern I mean well you know you know I mean like you know well time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on you know um so you know you know so I mean like the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the you know okay like like I mean I mean so uh ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically uh so um you know so so so you know this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast uh well I mean uh you know so well well all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically so well uh like like so you know I mean once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to so like like um so um I mean you know Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload okay I mean like so well like you know uh it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I uh uh so um I mean you know like well have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what you know like uh so like um um you know I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board so okay um well like uh you know so and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are uh uh uh um um um um um going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note so well you know I mean I mean you know so I mean books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want like okay well uh I mean so well like it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another okay so like like um I mean you know so story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see well like I mean um um well well like but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please um uh so um like uh okay uh unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge so you know so you know well you know so like Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, I mean okay okay okay okay uh you know uh March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's okay well like so like uh um well a little pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to uh um so okay well uh okay well talk after the Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They I mean uh uh okay okay well uh um had won three in a row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, okay you know well you know uh um you know I mean it does but you have to sort of reflect on the fact that the so okay so well you know you know like so Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key games against teams that were at least uh so I mean um uh okay well well on par with them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of like well so I mean you know well you know uh them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot okay like um like uh okay I mean you know in the Western Conference. They come up against the team and they play three teams okay so so you know I mean um so um on this west coast swing that are out of it that are basically, okay you know you know you know you know well so okay you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of okay okay I mean uh I mean so okay I mean today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other so well I mean uh um um I mean I mean words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women uh okay okay uh like you know so um like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so uh so well uh like like um uh we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first like I mean well like I mean okay I mean well things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional you know so I mean well I mean you know like um beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be in so you know well you know like like so um a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in I mean so well uh I mean like uh you know the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in I mean um well I mean I mean like I mean okay such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce like okay um well I mean um uh like our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the um okay okay um okay well you know I mean bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory you know you know okay well okay I mean like so. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured you know so um so so uh um uh. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this that uh I mean uh I mean well well well like is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love of so you know um well okay like uh I mean public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we see so you know I mean uh um you know I mean well what we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess like uh well well uh so uh you know anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have um so you know um like I mean okay you know this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of someone so like well um you know well well okay stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes like I mean like okay so well like okay or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you well I mean um so um um I mean so just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her so well I mean okay I mean you know well okay ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a so okay you know well I mean uh well um subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost um I mean uh I mean uh uh I mean like every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST like you know so I mean you know so well so on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody you know so okay um so uh so so doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the well like um you know uh like uh I mean man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're so uh uh okay okay so okay well going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This like you know so uh well okay uh I mean is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put okay um okay okay so um so okay into a crowd chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's you know uh well well I mean I mean so I mean a very very cold to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this you know so uh uh uh so uh um concept is really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does well um you know so well uh like well that that is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or um um you know um uh okay well uh a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot you know okay you know you know I mean okay you know uh of things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's like you know uh I mean okay I mean so you know really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis I mean so um um you know so I mean okay podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember okay uh you know like uh so so well to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read you know so well okay uh uh um uh along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or like um um um okay uh okay uh disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast like uh so um you know um uh so linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of I mean well like um um I mean I mean well listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some so so uh so so you know you know okay opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but um uh I mean so like okay so I mean we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for okay um I mean okay you know I mean I mean okay work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were uh um um okay I mean um um uh old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast um so uh uh you know like I mean um. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about I mean so uh I mean um well uh well Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't okay you know uh I mean uh so um um know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days like I mean you know so well you know um uh we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for like well well uh uh like uh well sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing so you know um like so so okay well show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush like okay well you know like you know well so the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week um um so I mean you know I mean uh you know where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're so uh like like so well um okay talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, well well uh so I mean well like um but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes I mean I mean uh um like um so I mean sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny well uh okay so uh you know uh I mean was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at like I mean okay uh well so like you know the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news okay okay um well like well uh um the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil uh so I mean I mean I mean like okay well Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 moon well um so I mean well okay well well landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera like you know well I mean okay uh okay well transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios you know okay um uh so um um well one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over uh well you know you know I mean you know you know uh and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes okay okay you know uh okay I mean um like for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by I mean you know like so okay you know uh you know anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best I mean I mean you know well um you know well so of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can um you know um okay um like like you know match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means so I mean um well well so well like you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing like you know you know like I mean so uh you know right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love well you know um um okay I mean well like using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's well like um I mean okay so so you know very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want you know like I mean so uh I mean like well to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well so okay so I mean well I mean uh so. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing okay I mean I mean well uh okay um I mean it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's like you know well you know so like well um Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess okay well I mean okay uh okay so uh what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If okay well you know like well uh okay um you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get well well so uh uh so um you know started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast well um so so so well like well right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can okay uh um so so uh like um do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging uh I mean well you know you know well uh so part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it like you know um uh you know I mean I mean you know right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or so well you know um like well well I mean founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash you know uh uh uh okay you know um uh for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast well so so um okay well so like all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store so like so like well so you know you know download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If like okay you know well um you know okay um you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the um you know you know well okay I mean uh well cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth AKA I mean I mean like well okay uh uh well Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual so you know um um you know okay so okay name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no um well I mean so uh um okay you know. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different so um okay okay well you know okay um names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho well I mean uh well I mean uh so I mean ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember I mean okay like I mean okay so you know I mean it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network I mean uh so you know okay you know you know okay. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice uh um I mean um you know I mean I mean like and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to uh you know so okay okay okay well okay experiencing the divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara um like okay like so okay well I mean and Magilla that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission okay like uh uh um you know so well of that says that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo um like I mean uh um so um you know t9m means you were kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like um well I mean you know uh I mean okay like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to uh like well well I mean like okay okay talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to I mean like um okay um so I mean uh make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you well like you know so you know you know you know so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute well I mean well um like like uh like your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many you know so I mean well um so so so more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's like okay I mean you know you know uh I mean uh everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app uh like like well well I mean so well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take um like you know I mean okay I mean so uh care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime you know I mean okay you know okay um like well. There's some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and uh so I mean okay I mean well um like we're going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just like so uh so so I mean I mean uh call it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to okay okay I mean uh okay so like uh popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop you know well okay you know I mean I mean well uh corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios I mean you know I mean okay um uh um like. Welcome our movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain okay well okay you know uh like um okay that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about so okay like so well um uh well spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from so so uh um you know um okay I mean 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the um I mean you know well okay so um I mean akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me you know uh um like um so I mean okay today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey uh like um you know okay I mean like well beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so um so uh I mean uh so um like much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you so um okay well um uh you know I mean before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding brand okay um um uh you know like I mean well. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's me back uh like you know I mean okay so um like is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself about like like um well uh well uh um yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are spoiling um you know well okay um I mean uh so you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break up so okay okay okay uh okay I mean like our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan a I mean I mean I mean uh uh like um you know wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning a uh I mean you know you know uh I mean uh so wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant uh well like okay like well you know so as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording like I mean uh um so so you know uh from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will okay uh you know okay I mean you know uh I mean share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's I mean so okay I mean I mean so so um the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not well like well so I mean um I mean you know in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome well well uh uh you know you know okay um. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part you know I mean like like so so uh um of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less well I mean like I mean um like well so so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are well like I mean so um well I mean I mean this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin uh uh well okay so you know well I mean into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man okay okay you know I mean so um you know so Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th I mean okay I mean like like well okay you know or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th I mean so okay you know uh like I mean like. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a like so I mean um well so okay okay break again after that first practice, but as we go through the so okay I mean well um so so okay spring, we will try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief uh like uh you know um I mean you know um following practices that are open to the media how many we have Tim we have um well I mean like you know I mean okay well five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, okay I mean well um uh I mean I mean well there's and in the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a you know you know okay um like so um I mean much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours well like you know like uh I mean uh so to get a or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either so uh um like okay I mean um well because you can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're you know like um so well like I mean um actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite uh I mean uh um like um you know um pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end okay uh like well I mean I mean so so there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week for the um I mean I mean well well like you know um second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton. Last okay uh okay like I mean okay okay well time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game well like you know okay so uh like like week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million you know I mean okay I mean well you know uh okay. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think like uh um I mean okay so okay I mean out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used so so well I mean uh you know uh you know to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact so I mean I mean uh well like I mean like you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there so I mean uh so okay uh well okay was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys so okay well you know you know you know uh like. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about a okay like you know like um I mean you know okay few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the finale okay uh well I mean um uh okay um and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in case that okay so I mean I mean uh so well so It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too much time I mean um uh well well so so okay in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling with post interviews um okay okay I mean uh um I mean well and insights into the show. And I think now that they can be open uh okay like you know okay okay I mean well and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview circuit so um so okay you know okay okay um and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found out since so okay um uh well like well well the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of uh I mean like okay okay uh okay like fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and like well so so well uh okay uh click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they I mean okay you know um like okay I mean I mean were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you so so okay okay okay so like like know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you you know like I mean like so so um I mean know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the so uh um well so uh you know um role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you okay so uh like well well you know well don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now so okay so you know well um like um and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic I mean I mean well I mean you know like so okay. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but you know I mean you know I mean well um okay okay just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where well so uh well like okay well you know we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another you know like like you know okay like I mean so installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the um um like so well okay okay well block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the um uh um well I mean so so well ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given like so like I mean uh so you know you know up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach I mean so okay like okay I mean um like to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get uh so you know uh like you know I mean so back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this so I mean well like well um I mean okay. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the I mean uh um like uh you know uh um mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to I mean so okay you know um like um you know help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person uh you know uh uh well I mean so okay. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find uh well uh uh like okay uh okay them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just so so um okay uh okay you know I mean don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a um you know uh uh okay okay okay okay one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a lot you know uh so um I mean you know um I mean about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I have like well like well okay uh um okay created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me well I mean um so I mean okay you know uh live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever well so um okay um like um um you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and you know so uh uh so uh I mean um on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading I mean uh like like so I mean so you know and listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free okay like like uh uh you know um I mean to rate and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going like okay um you know okay um um you know on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband uh so you know you know like okay I mean you know here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing well I mean uh you know um uh well okay brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share uh okay you know you know you know well I mean okay our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this uh um um like okay you know you know I mean as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over the past I mean so uh okay you know okay okay well. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought of favorite uh I mean uh uh I mean I mean uh uh passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned together, please send okay like I mean well I mean so um well us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You can send you know uh um so so uh uh I mean us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm uh I mean like um you know well I mean so your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video you know like you know like you know I mean you know like that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like okay so so okay okay um um you know this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That like I mean uh okay uh well so um would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching like you know okay I mean like okay I mean you know top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 um um I mean like so I mean uh I mean real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The okay okay you know um okay well uh so Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics I mean okay okay okay um so like you know Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the so like like I mean you know like uh I mean terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy uh okay uh you know okay um um like Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and like like so well um so you know like here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into well you know you know well okay okay well uh the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts I mean um so so um um well like the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about like I mean okay so uh I mean I mean okay extension crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art I mean well like so well I mean um well is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that well uh like uh I mean you know you know um you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been you know um um well okay okay uh so many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time you know I mean well okay well okay okay okay. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about well you know okay like um like well like child sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of I mean so okay you know well okay I mean uh a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their well um well so um okay uh I mean victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 well um you know I mean well well uh so the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals uh so well okay you know like okay so new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to like you know like so um uh okay well address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly well okay so I mean I mean well so you know weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so I mean uh like um I mean uh like uh far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made okay I mean okay um uh so you know uh a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she I mean uh like okay okay so well I mean put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it uh well so you know you know well well well that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a like um well well um like okay you know big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set so you know well uh like uh so um it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do um okay so I mean so like okay well the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do so I mean okay I mean like um um well it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top uh well I mean like um you know I mean like 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just why uh like okay okay well uh well okay is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare so you know you know like uh like like you know drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where like I mean I mean uh well uh well you know we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist well you know okay like like um like uh Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty okay I mean like I mean um like well like first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that Bailey um okay so okay okay you know like so method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County okay you know so um you know so okay I mean in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum so uh so well I mean um I mean uh kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So you see so well um um okay well okay like exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives okay like okay uh like okay okay um little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those um you know I mean you know well I mean you know like out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check uh um well okay um so you know I mean them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal like like okay uh you know I mean I mean so. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde. I'm you know like okay like uh okay like okay two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is okay um um okay I mean uh okay I mean going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always um okay well I mean I mean you know so I mean on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But it's uh okay so I mean you know you know uh uh delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can uh I mean so I mean okay you know you know well be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if I mean okay well you know like I mean uh so you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it I mean uh like um okay so well you know the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which you know you know well um well well well okay is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you uh you know I mean I mean like so um um. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me okay you know well um like so like you know to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this like uh you know well well well okay I mean opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty okay okay um so um I mean uh uh three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was um uh um like um I mean like so always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to well I mean I mean so so like you know I mean be around even to this day. She is still full of life and so like um okay well like okay you know you know are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her I mean okay uh um uh like okay well love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode like you know like you know okay so well um 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting well so like you know well you know uh like down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from like you know like like uh you know okay so these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the well I mean you know so I mean well like you know power of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of uh you know uh okay like okay you know well things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm well uh um okay well like well um with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good you know well you know um um okay uh well guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was you know like I mean I mean you know uh so I mean that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you I mean you know you know you know you know um you know like know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine I mean like so I mean I mean okay okay uh how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the uh okay uh um okay I mean well you know 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman um uh uh um I mean uh well so every day on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV uh well you know um okay okay so you know stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to like like well so so I mean uh I mean pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but well okay I mean okay so okay you know like it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us like like I mean uh so so you know okay as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc I mean okay like um well so um okay a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James Bond like okay you know uh okay like well you know fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the I mean so like uh um I mean well so complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom I mean so uh um okay like like uh and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin I mean like well like so I mean well uh. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a um okay well uh so I mean um uh special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow well well you know um um so well well them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you well I mean you know so um okay so uh jumping in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This well you know like like like so so you know is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally um so uh okay I mean uh um you know interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me I mean uh so well okay you know you know well on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement like like so okay so so okay so right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it uh you know well I mean okay well well you know really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's uh well you know you know you know uh like so turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and you know uh I mean well um um so like Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live well I mean um well so okay like um broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to I mean like okay okay uh well okay um two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we I mean so I mean um so well like okay discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike like okay so like okay okay well like summer, and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection um uh uh uh um like so okay you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want so so well like you know uh I mean I mean to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole um you know uh okay you know you know like uh card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? okay so I mean I mean I mean uh well so I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some of okay so so so um I mean um I mean you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away and for uh um so uh um uh I mean you know others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try you know I mean like I mean like uh you know you know make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, so like so I mean well I mean I mean well which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and you know uh um I mean like okay well you know edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done so like I mean you know you know I mean uh you know they'll distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many uh so like uh I mean like like like other places. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off uh um so you know well okay okay um. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member uh well I mean uh okay so like you know Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni okay I mean um okay like um you know like. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos I mean uh well uh um like uh so the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played like you know uh like well well okay uh in more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've so you know you know I mean you know uh um well got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the okay like I mean so um like um okay new website life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks I mean you know okay well well so um well for listening Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and uh I mean so um uh um uh um are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a um so uh so okay okay I mean okay bowl game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm uh I mean uh so like okay um well telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I so um well okay like I mean you know okay love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast like well so okay like okay I mean well. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and I mean um so uh okay so um okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast like you know so um like uh well so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more um uh uh I mean uh uh well so you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need you know well uh um you know you know like uh to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo um I mean so okay um I mean well okay the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so so well like I mean um um okay so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means so so um well uh okay okay uh wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is okay um I mean um um okay well um not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about okay I mean so well I mean well so well establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North okay like like uh okay um like you know America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an well um like um you know I mean like so intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of so uh okay like I mean okay you know so pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to okay I mean you know uh um so um like Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure um um so uh so um you know um to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is I mean so well so well uh I mean I mean chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you uh um you know well um okay well well as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online uh you know so uh like um well uh at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech like I mean like you know okay uh so I mean Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in um like well I mean so you know you know um the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by okay um so you know you know so well um mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects well I mean well like like so okay I mean. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and you know well uh uh um um well uh mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto well well so like um um um you know space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the time of you know well um like well um so well prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from um so you know I mean okay uh um I mean birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was like you know uh you know well okay uh um put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he um uh um uh like um like um saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks I mean um you know I mean okay um so you know That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them uh okay um well uh um so well his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New uh you know like like okay uh like you know York City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode so I mean um you know so I mean I mean um 71 the Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There um um like so um like like well was a sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in I mean um um um I mean you know you know um their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every I mean uh well okay okay uh I mean I mean news piece on South Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And like I mean well um you know um so so the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for okay uh well well so you know like uh a macro fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best like okay so you know I mean uh you know so long-term Investments were made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia so uh well like okay well uh I mean Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had FX in the region okay um like okay well you know um okay but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was you know like uh like uh well um so unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast well well like okay um like you know okay back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? It okay uh so you know like um well like was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which was I mean you know um so so I mean well like lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here in um so like well um well uh you know PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on Friday so like well okay so you know you know I mean. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed like I mean I mean you know okay uh well um her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and like well you know so well I mean okay okay they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida uh okay I mean uh okay well um um. It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine like I mean so well I mean okay uh um and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all well I mean I mean uh well um I mean like going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two well you know you know you know uh you know I mean like of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King so so um well like you know uh well Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. He so okay okay uh like you know okay I mean says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that this like well well you know like uh so like means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests I mean um uh okay you know so um you know this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out so uh uh okay okay well uh like on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another um uh I mean I mean well you know I mean well city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure um you know um I mean like okay uh you know as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the so I mean um you know I mean well uh well wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he well uh well I mean like I mean well okay whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would like well well so um I mean um like be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't have um okay um like uh well so well sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be well uh well well um like uh well drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the I mean um I mean like okay uh uh um self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake um like so um um I mean well well the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a I mean well I mean I mean I mean well okay I mean beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my so well okay uh like I mean so you know life and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up well I mean um you know okay well so so trouble but just because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her like you know okay uh like I mean like okay life and saved her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of I mean uh well well so you know okay um living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems and so I mean I mean so uh well uh I mean worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact um well so like uh well well so that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another uh uh like you know so uh you know uh day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status um okay you know um you know um like um after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship that uh so like I mean I mean um so so makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, um okay uh you know like I mean okay okay you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't be I mean I mean uh uh I mean uh okay so worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people like you know you know you know okay I mean so you know who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about you know like like uh well so uh you know views and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor I mean um um okay okay well I mean well is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor okay uh like uh I mean you know uh so gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download um I mean you know um uh well like okay it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to I mean so like like um um uh I mean record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify well like well so well um um so. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily you know so you know okay um like I mean okay make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor okay um well I mean well so you know um or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, you know like well like well well I mean like it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm you know well like uh I mean uh I mean uh going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly I mean like I mean you know okay like I mean like Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my I mean well I mean so so you know uh okay co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as is um you know I mean so um I mean um um typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus you know well well you know like okay I mean um out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to okay so okay you know like uh you know uh have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, well so well well like um I mean uh I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that you know um like okay so um like okay we need no well, like have you been watching United States? I think okay I mean uh well well uh like um you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken I mean like so okay you know so you know you know taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here like so so okay I mean so well so today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic you know uh like okay like I mean so like of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email um okay like well um I mean well like here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling so uh well like like you know um okay me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I you know I mean I mean like uh um like so guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with um I mean like like well so I mean okay his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an emotional okay okay you know I mean I mean I mean like like affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed his like like you know so uh um um I mean approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging I mean well like you know uh um you know well out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of you know so okay you know um you know I mean uh attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast I mean okay uh so like uh you know okay with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi I mean well um well um uh uh I mean was engaged those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really like um like I mean um so I mean you know looking forward to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long you know uh I mean I mean I mean well like uh process a few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's you know like like okay um uh um uh just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is I mean like um okay um well okay okay following a few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually um like like so okay okay uh you know got go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is well I mean like I mean um like uh well a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and um um well um well you know well uh without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the so okay um um well okay you know like world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and you know well I mean so okay well uh I mean I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your okay so I mean like well so uh okay knees and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody like so you know so um like okay um is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit like okay um well you know um like I mean it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much um I mean um uh um okay like you know you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if like so I mean uh so you know well like you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you you know I mean you know like well okay well well gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where uh um like well so uh uh um you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that well you know like so like okay you know I mean ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and well well like well well um um you know keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's um I mean so I mean well well well okay Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I think you know I mean well well I mean okay I mean I mean timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days um well well like okay well um um. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will uh okay I mean um I mean well uh I mean be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week um well I mean well like you know I mean okay Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up I mean uh um you know you know like uh so Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something so like um well like I mean like okay political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do well okay well okay um well so you know. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I well uh well uh so okay okay well believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week so like so uh um you know okay you know because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up I mean like uh like okay uh okay I mean Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh so uh so so uh okay you know so University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude um so um like okay I mean um well and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from uh well you know you know um you know well I mean the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was I mean um well I mean well uh so so found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed uh you know like like like I mean uh I mean to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown so so I mean like you know you know uh like that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever well well I mean okay you know I mean you know um you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case okay okay I mean okay okay I mean I mean so listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some uh so um okay uh you know well okay people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the well you know so okay um um well okay layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, I mean uh I mean like you know um well um 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely I mean okay you know like uh okay uh uh focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint okay well I mean um so uh like so investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of like you know I mean well well like okay so those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole uh like um okay um well so I mean presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This um you know like um okay uh okay I mean podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides um uh well okay okay well so okay just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for um I mean I mean well like so like you know 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay uh so uh um you know so um um or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the you know so I mean um um like I mean uh views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's okay like I mean um uh like um okay. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're so uh um uh like okay so I mean looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a story okay um okay okay um so um I mean about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass like like okay well okay you know um well dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it so I mean well you know you know so so so all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a I mean well so you know I mean well well so bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively like uh like so like so I mean you know that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to like so okay well like okay well okay I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming okay uh so okay like like um like to you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I I mean um you know so so okay uh like love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like you're trying um so okay uh uh so well well to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I don't okay I mean like uh like um so okay want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because we had a you know so um uh well like um so little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted at by uh well well okay I mean okay uh I mean the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found Mice in our uh um um you know well like well um basement. So we had to put our project on hold for a few while we I mean so like um you know um like um get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living okay okay so uh well like like like room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is definitely I mean okay I mean so uh well like I mean the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? uh um so well you know so okay um Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode well um like um okay okay um like is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 well okay you know um okay I mean um I mean episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget so okay okay I mean well well um you know guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through okay I mean you know well you know so I mean like our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So so uh uh um um well okay uh be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now you know okay well uh like so like um for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter so so so like you know you know okay well just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw so so so well uh um okay uh. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots okay you know you know so um okay okay so of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank well okay you know well um I mean okay well you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's okay uh so you know um you know um well get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do um you know I mean okay so um well like you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things well uh I mean uh well I mean so uh that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin bring well well I mean uh uh uh um like on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor like um I mean I mean um you know uh um Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by women, okay I mean I mean okay you know well um um I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and we I mean so um like uh like I mean okay have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This I mean uh uh so like like okay like episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive um uh okay like okay uh you know I mean. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the I mean I mean um so I mean okay well okay mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The okay uh like uh um you know um well Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president so well you know so uh well uh okay of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least um um um um uh you know you know I mean. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels you know um uh um so like so so flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members uh okay okay so um you know okay like of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other I mean um you know I mean like well you know so religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion like I mean you know like I mean like you know I mean for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to okay uh so so so so you know like the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans you know okay you know like well okay so uh of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car you know like I mean okay okay you know like uh. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music okay well you know um so uh you know uh I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming so uh you know well uh you know you know I mean out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like uh I mean so um um okay uh dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best you know so um like okay I mean like well way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out so well I mean so like well okay uh on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's by okay um uh okay okay you know well well far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy well um so well I mean well so okay I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if okay um I mean I mean okay like like okay you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's um you know you know um um um so uh up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that uh um you know uh well you know like well partner has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know uh uh I mean you know um um like uh has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's um so I mean I mean okay okay uh you know partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're so so uh I mean like I mean so I mean in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want I mean like so uh like okay uh well to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're I mean okay um uh well you know okay well really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on well uh so uh uh um you know uh such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's uh um okay okay well okay you know like kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe well uh you know okay okay you know I mean okay you want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner um like well okay I mean like well so from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's so I mean uh okay uh like uh like in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during okay so um you know I mean well okay um chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to you know you know I mean okay like so I mean um find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you I mean you know so you know like okay okay well may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland okay you know I mean okay I mean okay uh uh boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing um um I mean you know you know you know okay well to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach uh so well uh okay you know you know well and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot uh so I mean like like well um I mean of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops I mean okay so so okay um okay um and a lot of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman uh well so like so like okay you know figure out. You got a few things in common. And here we like like so okay uh you know okay like are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes okay you know um okay um you know well okay in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened okay like okay like you know like I mean um it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to I mean like you know so uh so well so you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of like well uh like like uh okay well have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words so um okay I mean okay um you know uh. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad so well I mean like you know I mean so you know angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of so uh okay okay I mean well um well well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason well so like well like I mean you know well are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that you know well like okay like like okay okay stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so okay like okay okay you know you know you know I mean you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish well I mean um you know uh well uh okay. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here with well uh like I mean well uh uh um you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did I uh well um so you know okay so okay come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about you know um you know uh so I mean uh I mean so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I okay um okay so like you know okay I mean was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when so uh well okay like you know so well I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking for well I mean um you know I mean so well um an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I I mean uh I mean so I mean well I mean um realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're um like uh um you know um um uh obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I wanted I mean like um I mean uh you know um you know to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front uh okay uh well uh I mean like you know leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I mean like um I mean okay so well I mean I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance I mean uh okay you know like like uh I mean is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre well uh I mean you know okay like I mean like. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So so um um well um so well you know we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in okay um um um well um um you know any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one like I mean so I mean okay you know so so of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast so I mean okay like well I mean so like about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content well uh uh um um I mean like you know about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of you know well well so well I mean okay you know the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of okay so you know um so so well um Passion episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as okay um uh so I mean well well you know Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to you know um okay like okay uh I mean like help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the okay okay okay um okay okay uh like True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify you know uh well well uh uh I mean okay or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be well I mean I mean um like uh you know I mean posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me well you know I mean um um uh well I mean and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you know like okay um um okay so well you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at so like I mean um um like well you know 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make uh um I mean okay uh so uh uh the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight. It was you know um um you know like okay like okay six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt I mean well you know uh I mean um okay I mean prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat well so I mean well you know well like okay we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us well like uh well well okay um I mean again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in you know um uh like okay uh um so a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this um well you know okay well uh like like for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it you know I mean so uh well I mean so you know maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you I mean well uh so I mean I mean you know you know know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself um I mean so so you know like I mean like. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has uh uh um okay I mean I mean uh uh because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we okay um so so I mean I mean um well are and we sit down and and I think most of the time we do I mean like so uh well uh so like catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad I mean um uh um you know okay you know okay that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got you know um well uh um you know uh I mean me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late um like I mean you know uh um you know well. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to okay I mean you know I mean you know you know uh well New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of well so okay okay I mean you know like so stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had uh you know uh um you know so well uh so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap um um you know well I mean I mean well okay. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see well um like um okay okay you know uh in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans uh like okay um like uh I mean I mean and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it um uh uh um you know so you know um be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and well well like I mean okay um uh like no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record uh okay so I mean um uh okay so before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is okay so uh uh like you know I mean I mean Donna and my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping I mean uh so um you know so so so it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk you know you know okay I mean you know uh okay okay about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before you know like like well like you know so so blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known well uh like so okay um okay you know truth because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi uh well you know well like um I mean um lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by uh you know well I mean um like I mean so us? Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, okay okay um so um you know okay so I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one for I mean um I mean I mean um well you know well one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your uh like so you know um um you know I mean intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room well so well um okay so like well a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes so I mean well like so like okay so. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out you know uh well um like um well uh here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but uh well so I mean like so um okay you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used uh you know uh so you know I mean um like to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive okay uh okay well um so well like degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that I mean you know you know well I mean I mean like okay. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes okay okay like I mean so you know well like depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for you know I mean you know uh um uh well like children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home like uh like I mean well uh well so for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered World like okay you know I mean I mean okay uh you know feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league like so uh um I mean uh you know um Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap okay like like I mean like um well okay stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the okay so like uh um so uh um idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and you know so um well I mean okay like um jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight uh well well well so you know well okay line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs so okay uh you know okay I mean well okay for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at well um okay you know you know uh uh so the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us I mean like you know so like like um like. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel okay I mean uh uh well um like you know cake. We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake uh uh okay like like well I mean so typically. Yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves so I mean you know so you know um uh I mean funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down the um um I mean like uh okay I mean uh top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go back to I mean I mean I mean um uh uh okay uh the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was acquitted I mean like um well you know so okay you know on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years later okay like well okay uh I mean okay well if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more uh you know well um I mean well uh I mean shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen I mean uh so so you know you know you know okay free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had you know well um um I mean okay so well gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew okay I mean well okay well you know I mean like ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My okay you know I mean like so I mean um I mean name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious so so uh so so so okay I mean minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when um uh uh I mean well you know like you know you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you drag like well okay um okay okay uh so your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through well okay uh I mean I mean uh I mean like ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week okay you know um like okay I mean so okay as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold like like I mean uh you know um like okay programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you uh okay I mean um like okay you know um don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday I mean uh you know um you know I mean uh okay and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas you know like I mean like uh so you know you know. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I like so like okay well well so so sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform you know you know uh like okay like okay okay chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of so so okay so uh okay okay okay dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is well okay um um you know so uh I mean the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record okay uh I mean um okay well uh well some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health podcast like so so like um um you know uh. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, which is uh you know well like I mean uh uh I mean strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit workouts are optimal um like um you know like you know well like for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin in do thank like well uh well uh okay um you know you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my Programs and you know so uh like I mean uh you know uh pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of a circuit um um you know uh I mean okay okay well. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better you know um so you know um you know okay I mean for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're going you know so well you know um uh like uh to break down the science and we're also going to break down some reality um so I mean uh well you know like you know because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real I mean well I mean you know I mean well well uh life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose so like so um you know like I mean I mean to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists okay well well okay I mean I mean uh well. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you can like okay so I mean okay um you know um see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode 1. I'm I mean okay like you know um um you know okay so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on episode um um um so uh I mean well you know 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app you know I mean okay okay well uh um I mean today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries you know so so you know okay so so okay on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or um you know you know you know like okay well uh commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours well uh um okay so I mean like uh. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of so okay well you know well uh um well the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie so you know like I mean um well you know um and quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah well like so uh um well I mean you know fine was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It okay okay well well like um so okay was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that I mean well uh okay well okay okay okay Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your like you know okay um uh um well so own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the um you know so you know um so uh you know way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So if you uh so you know well okay like um uh listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download our audio upload it uh uh you know like uh I mean like uh into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and anchor publishes it um okay you know uh well you know so like to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places um you know um like well okay so um of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's free so so you know well um well well like. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on your phone I mean okay like well I mean um okay you know today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one you know okay well I mean um um I mean so of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you. So be sure like I mean uh well I mean okay uh uh at the end of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow uh so I mean uh so so well you know us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So so um um so uh so so uh today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me I mean so um um okay I mean okay so explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit I mean like well okay like okay you know like your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for so well like like um okay okay like you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can so you know well okay so okay you know you know make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to you know well I mean I mean okay you know well I mean make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to uh well you know you know I mean well I mean I mean Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking you know um I mean uh you know I mean okay uh for the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking I mean I mean um I mean like you know so like for the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I okay so like okay like so okay okay can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do okay well like okay um well uh um some workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really okay you know uh uh well uh I mean okay struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need I mean so okay I mean like well um I mean this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat okay I mean you know uh um okay like I mean again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan so I mean you know um I mean well uh uh which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to um well okay okay well uh um okay the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every like um um okay okay I mean uh well single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you uh so okay like like like okay well might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that so okay okay so um like okay uh you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes um um I mean so you know well well um to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is also like um like uh I mean uh um so 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we um well I mean so so well you know so go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one you know well like I mean so I mean I mean um on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I I mean um um um well you know uh like decided you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of okay I mean well okay uh like I mean well Netflix, you know. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's like you know um uh well well okay well got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my I mean um I mean uh so you know I mean you know favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the well you know uh okay so well well so living and while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary well I mean well you know well well you know like character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and I mean you know I mean you know I mean well well I mean want to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of you know I mean uh you know okay like I mean so think it's kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one you know like so well okay so so well of my last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and well you know you know so so I mean uh um dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a you know you know uh you know you know I mean I mean um woman about my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one okay you know I mean so like okay well like of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, so you know so okay uh well I mean well that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're well um so well okay so um um up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly like okay you know like I mean I mean well um getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot I mean okay well you know so um like um of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by so like you know you know well okay well you know the Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate so um like so you know you know so okay. Thank you for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk okay um like I mean so uh um like to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no um uh okay I mean I mean well uh I mean. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace okay um well okay you know um I mean um Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about you know okay uh I mean um so uh well it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of you know like like okay I mean okay you know well Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be no like uh uh I mean well okay you know I mean more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really well you know um well like I mean I mean like following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script okay I mean like so so well uh like shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to so so like well uh well um okay create new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping you know I mean I mean so I mean I mean so like / stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super I mean I mean well you know um I mean uh uh cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together um like you know well you know um I mean okay. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you um so you know uh uh okay uh well. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different well you know I mean okay um um like like types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love I mean uh you know you know okay so you know uh it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess um I mean okay I mean I mean you know so okay vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going you know well um I mean well okay well I mean to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay you know so uh you know you know okay I mean okay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops okay like like well uh well uh so on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts like like uh okay so you know so uh. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm uh like okay well so uh you know um going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but uh like okay well I mean I mean well like maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because so um so well like um um well I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was uh um um so well well so like complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good like okay um you know so well I mean I mean stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk well well well uh I mean uh so I mean to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also like so you know so so you know like uh freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage you know um um I mean uh okay um uh. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for so so I mean well uh so I mean uh having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of okay like well uh like uh okay like your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of you know so so um so like well well people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for um well um um you know okay um okay me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it so like uh you know I mean okay you know um give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this well well so you know uh um uh well morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do you okay okay I mean um I mean um you know um have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So okay so well uh um okay well uh I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I like so okay well like uh uh well was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm so like um uh okay I mean uh um here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you like I mean okay you know well well well so are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for like so so like well uh uh I mean anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get okay okay you know like you know you know you know okay your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally okay like uh I mean um um I mean uh the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation like you know well okay so you know so well tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or well I mean um uh I mean so okay well your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be well I mean so like like so like I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money you know I mean um well um okay okay okay like I'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with so well uh uh um you know you know you know no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's you know like well okay you know well I mean like guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO you know uh um so so okay well I mean of the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising I mean um uh you know so you know I mean uh agencies and on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also um um like I mean uh well I mean um working on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his um um um you know uh uh okay I mean teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They I mean like um well okay like okay I mean joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the um like uh like so like so okay coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted okay you know uh well I mean um uh um to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners I mean okay you know uh like you know you know like before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank you know you know um I mean so so you know um our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a you know well so uh like I mean um um podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a like um okay well you know okay you know okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer so um I mean you know so I mean I mean um makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard I mean well uh like um so so okay. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast well uh um well I mean well you know uh with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in like okay I mean I mean so so I mean okay one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F well well uh you know um like uh like m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started uh you know I mean so uh you know uh so I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a you know like you know so well so like um victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark um like okay like you know uh well well side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the well like uh um you know like okay okay last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series well like like I mean uh uh like uh chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your I mean I mean like like like like well so host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. It's you know okay um I mean like okay uh um 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the I mean um uh um you know like I mean well world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu I mean like like well uh you know uh um grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does so okay like you know I mean well so like a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is uh you know okay um uh so um I mean not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some well so well you know like you know okay well amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome okay I mean like uh um you know well um to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get I mean you know well so well you know I mean I mean here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming okay well so uh okay you know I mean you know on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not um I mean uh so like um I mean uh so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they like like well you know well like uh um grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name um uh uh um um I mean um I mean is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have like I mean so you know uh uh uh um Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast I mean well well like you know um so like because this is going to be take two because we so I was sick you know I mean like uh you know you know well uh two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do um uh so well um uh uh um one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have I mean so uh okay um like um uh that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it in a so okay like I mean uh um so well Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis and Clark's you know so like okay you know well uh um Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri River. It so uh okay well okay um so well was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping men were okay you know like I mean okay so okay um so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the like you know okay you know okay um okay like cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that okay well well um uh okay um so had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on I mean well okay you know um uh uh like some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that like uh uh uh I mean uh I mean you know our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's so I mean so you know I mean so I mean well the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation okay well well you know you know okay I mean um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um so I mean I mean you know well you know I mean computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute well um like well okay like uh so. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts well well you know like um so okay well and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum you know I mean okay like I mean like well I mean listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one well you know uh I mean you know you know uh okay place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started um like well so um well I mean you know now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're you know so um you know uh well um um hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year well I mean like uh so um uh I mean did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where I mean like um uh well um well uh we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business uh okay like well okay so so um in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every uh um okay uh like like so you know day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the um okay um okay so so uh uh topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is okay okay um well well um so you know starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of I mean um so um I mean um um okay mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the like you know so okay so well uh like right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the like you know I mean you know well well you know well best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get like um okay so I mean uh so so them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome like well well so you know like um uh interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is um you know so uh like I mean um so our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business you know well like I mean I mean you know okay you know development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make uh well like uh you know um so uh a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and like uh uh I mean okay you know uh okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so like well like um you know uh so. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms so like uh like um well um well. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything okay I mean like you know well well um I mean you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor um well um like um uh I mean okay app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the node I mean okay uh um you know okay okay like or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a player okay uh you know well I mean I mean um so but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I don't uh like you know well like well so so have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast. So I mean you know okay uh um okay you know uh a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube like well well uh I mean okay okay like channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they I mean okay I mean so so okay well I mean want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind of the so okay you know you know uh so so well technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche how to get I mean okay so okay okay uh you know I mean suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more about on my you know so so so you know um you know well free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that in the so okay um you know I mean like I mean okay the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff and like um so you know like you know I mean okay you kind of understand how to build the business then the question is, well, I mean okay okay um uh well I mean um what do you actually have to get done before you make that website on uh like like you know so you know you know well Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? So so uh uh uh like I mean you know you know I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple okay well I mean um like um well okay different options you have and then let you know what I do and what I okay okay I mean so um okay okay okay recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad okay I mean I mean um like okay you know well human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did um well I mean you know you know I mean um you know two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi I mean okay well uh well okay okay so everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys okay so okay okay okay I mean well I mean. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break uh you know uh I mean like um okay I mean. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you okay okay you know well well well you know you know had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here so so okay um well so okay okay during our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor well like like uh uh well so uh anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for so uh uh um uh uh well um you. So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor um so so you know I mean so okay like now. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can so so well okay okay you know so like use to create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your like you know well um okay okay um okay computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down okay uh so so you know uh well like apple and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind I mean uh like um like I mean I mean so of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from I mean um you know uh I mean I mean okay I mean these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that uh well like well like uh you know you know I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off like well you know well well I mean okay okay of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th like like okay I mean well okay you know you know episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show I mean like I mean okay well well like uh. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk I mean well so well I mean so you know well Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre well well okay I mean like like uh um Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at like like I mean um uh like um well Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this so um so well so well so okay show here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe hit uh uh so well well like you know okay the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some well you know okay uh like you know well so swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single day um okay you know so okay um you know okay and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far I mean so like like so so like I mean to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They um so uh um uh well like so literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome like um like I mean so you know you know well back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because you know you know well so like you know you know uh Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies okay so well I mean well um okay okay seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this um I mean um okay I mean like so um is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste um well well well okay uh so so. So I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just I mean okay okay so okay okay so uh need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast um um so okay um I mean so like about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm so um I mean uh so I mean so uh going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement uh like so um so well so like from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship like okay you know well uh like like like with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned well I mean so you know well like um um. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you you know well well you know uh okay um well haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make um well so um um so so I mean a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's so okay okay you know I mean well like well free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations so like well okay okay um like like. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are um um you know like you know so I mean like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from like okay well like you know um so okay your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay you know so I mean okay so uh well like. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we like um like you know uh you know okay um talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we um well well like okay I mean so so were reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't I mean um well you know uh so um okay have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell uh I mean I mean so okay okay um like me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading you know uh um uh I mean I mean well like Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock um uh uh uh I mean so well well right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him um I mean so you know like okay I mean you know just to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went uh so so so I mean okay well I mean down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I so okay like um um like well okay went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm um well okay like um so I mean like here with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her I mean uh like well like uh like I mean she's hilarious. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center okay I mean like uh well like okay so and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm uh you know like well like like well I mean here with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having like okay I mean like okay you know you know uh me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm I mean well you know I mean okay okay okay you know sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for I mean you know so so you know I mean you know I mean coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I you know I mean I mean I mean uh you know like you know feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an okay like well well so you know okay I mean east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and so you know well uh uh well okay uh cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this okay so well so well um you know you know episode This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once um uh so well okay well so I mean a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go um uh I mean like okay um okay uh live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be I mean well uh well well you know um um hearing. So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it you know like um so um like so well. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be well um like okay okay uh like I mean able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not you know like uh so so okay uh so connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo episode like you know well so you know um okay I mean today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, March Madness nothing you know well well okay okay um I mean so going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo with so like well you know like um um well PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous Lisa is on like I mean like okay uh well uh okay a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna uh um uh okay okay well well I mean Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian okay um you know uh like I mean well okay McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in I mean okay you know well uh um like you know the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those like um okay like okay I mean uh uh cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have like um so so um you know um so occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered um you know uh well I mean you know well like across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that like uh um like um so um you know states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home like uh so I mean you know well uh you know outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who you know well okay uh I mean I mean um okay had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah you know like you know well so well so uh. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush. Here you know so uh well like uh uh well we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we I mean okay you know like well uh like you know go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's running you know like so like um so so you know the whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac bitter truth to you know you know like so you know uh uh you know break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot of I mean well like uh you know you know okay well people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't die like uh like you know you know uh so I mean dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what I know about like I mean um so okay well you know so. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I okay okay well okay like uh so okay get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with I mean you know okay so you know I mean so like Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually I mean you know um uh so so okay I mean talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up um so like okay well um um um with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very proud of okay uh uh like uh so I mean um that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and you know well uh uh I mean so you know I mean I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information uh um like so um um you know you know Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful um well okay okay okay I mean like well Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with an well you know okay okay uh I mean um uh air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he I mean uh uh I mean you know um um okay passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He was um okay okay okay um like um you know a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel okay well I mean well okay I mean well okay. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to like like I mean like like like um so Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer I mean I mean well so you know you know um um free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look so so like well um okay uh well at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard like you know you know uh you know you know you know I mean the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen so uh you know um uh you know okay I mean and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises you know like like so you know well you know like to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her um I mean well like I mean like so you know career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by you know like um um okay you know like uh fans for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're like well uh uh you know uh well you know going to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours I mean you know um well okay okay um you know and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo Calvino you know I mean like um okay so so you know. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in you know um uh like uh well uh um Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia uh so I mean well you know well so uh and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named okay uh okay uh um well I mean uh to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught uh so I mean like uh um uh you know by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do I mean well so I mean um um so I mean Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join um like like okay well so you know I mean me each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay uh okay so I mean well like so like tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs like you know um I mean okay okay like you know Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations so so um well uh you know well like with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you okay uh well I mean okay you know um so to take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I you know I mean uh okay I mean like like you know am super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure so like so I mean okay so like so and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto uh you know uh you know so well like okay Canada and she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to I mean well I mean I mean okay well um like commercials and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things I mean um like okay uh um so okay. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you okay well uh I mean uh um okay I mean guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode um you know so um um so okay uh starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast okay um well like well you know so like is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought like so like like like so uh okay you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch up well I mean well uh so uh I mean uh with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, so so so okay okay I mean uh uh I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of this podcast okay like you know so well uh I mean I mean should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things that um like I mean so like okay well okay we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things I mean okay uh like I mean okay so like we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that uh uh you know uh I mean okay you know okay said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I finally okay so you know okay I mean I mean I mean you know figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is you know you know um uh I mean okay well like going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share you know like like I mean um um okay I mean what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper like well I mean so okay okay um I mean decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett well okay okay uh so like okay well and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a little okay uh so you know uh so so so bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our um well you know so okay so okay um AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only uh you know you know like well okay well uh real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little so I mean like like like uh like like Daniel. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on uh uh okay uh like uh um like the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me well you know so well you know you know well like do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going um like I mean well like um well um to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of I mean well like okay you know okay okay okay the questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the so um I mean okay okay um I mean I mean safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old like well like well you know you know um um house and then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I um like so you know I mean you know I mean I mean just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer uh um uh okay uh uh uh uh a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and like well so I mean okay I mean like I mean creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share okay you know like um you know like well you know with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic uh you know I mean you know okay um so okay of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This you know okay um I mean okay uh uh um is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you know okay you know so um okay you know okay you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to well like uh well like you know so so feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always so so uh like like um uh so going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be so so so okay okay I mean like I mean really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired like you know like like well well um like. And other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out uh um well well you know uh um so and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear I mean um uh well like okay okay you know and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked well um okay um like okay okay I mean on or that business you want to build or that career you want to have well uh um like okay I mean uh so is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy you know you know okay okay like like okay okay who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is you know well you know um uh um so I mean just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described okay um well well so well um um in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the uh you know well I mean you know you know uh uh show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month um so like you know well well I mean so that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal of you know I mean I mean uh um well like I mean this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or she uh you know like so so so like okay can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending you know you know like um um I mean well you know a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our great like uh uh okay uh okay uh like country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of dr I mean like um so you know like um well. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride uh like okay so uh okay uh I mean over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife okay you know so I mean okay I mean okay you know to a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one you know well well so well well you know okay princess Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names um I mean okay I mean um um uh um do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science like you know so okay you know like um okay degree in criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the you know um so okay well well like like beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband well so okay you know I mean uh like you know served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California well like so like so well I mean okay. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here okay like you know uh I mean I mean so okay with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing okay you know okay uh I mean I mean like um with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room uh uh so okay um okay I mean I mean or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is always you know so I mean uh um uh you know I mean like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and like uh like I mean okay um like so together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in um so well okay okay so so um it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I I mean like um um okay okay you know uh don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I want okay um like okay so like okay you know from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends um like like like okay I mean uh like from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us today, um okay like uh you know um like I mean and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San Diego, California uh you know so uh you know you know so so. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share with like okay you know so so um so um you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true. So you know uh like I mean um um I mean well to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah okay I mean okay well um um um you know. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a um uh like uh uh like you know like minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we uh uh uh I mean like so well like express this? How do we what do we think of what we title this? so well I mean well um um like okay And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like um like uh um well um like well to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor well well um well well uh I mean I mean Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, uh I mean well um you know you know well you know I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only you know so um you know well so okay well known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is like well okay you know like like I mean you know download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and you know you know uh okay I mean um you know um anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the so well you know so uh so so like major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to well so like you know well um um you know do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need so you know like okay so well you know okay to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some uh well you know you know so well like uh come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or okay like so uh so uh well uh simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to you know okay okay like well I mean so like buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy this so so I mean I mean okay well uh you know one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social okay okay uh well you know you know I mean well media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's well okay you know like um I mean so like Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would okay uh like I mean uh like so I mean love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think um well I mean well well um so well of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is you know okay uh well so um like um with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those um um so okay um like okay like of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions uh I mean uh uh okay uh I mean um of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular uh uh um so uh well okay so program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and so you know so um uh um so okay strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring um uh like so uh like um okay my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners um well okay so you know uh you know well running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a like um so so I mean so I mean uh few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on so so um so I mean like you know uh my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome so like um well I mean well um like back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much you know I mean well uh I mean well um well for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's so okay okay like so okay I mean you know start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and uh well you know you know well I mean okay so also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What okay like like I mean you know okay okay so you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life well so so um I mean well I mean you know. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have uh well um I mean you know um like I mean our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best like you know um so uh you know uh um buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so so you know okay okay like uh so um we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this okay um so I mean well uh okay well major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th so uh uh well I mean like I mean so 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically so you know well um okay I mean so um like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe okay I mean uh like so so um I mean 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way okay uh well um um well well um back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it you know okay like I mean so I mean um like is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart um you know well well well um so you know attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, I mean um so so well well uh I mean it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute like nine years you know well like um like um like um. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you every once in so I mean um so so well um well a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as okay uh um like so uh like like much I guess for you and I but as far as playing and all that stuff uh so I mean okay so so well like goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm like you know I mean uh um um so well always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I uh I mean okay you know you know I mean well uh mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've well well well um okay you know well um already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of you know um you know well well okay uh so stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams you know like uh I mean so like you know I mean play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks I mean uh uh you know um well okay um both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the you know uh um okay well okay uh I mean companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this well you know like I mean um I mean uh you know pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you so well you know well you know I mean so so live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm like um you know uh so okay you know well trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it I mean like okay you know like um okay okay. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think so uh uh like um uh like uh of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting um well okay you know you know like uh like together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator um um like so I mean well okay okay of your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed um um like so okay okay well uh beans that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities well I mean you know well I mean well I mean um contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater you know um so um uh I mean well like Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal I mean uh okay well okay so I mean um. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the uh you know you know um I mean like well um reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we um so so I mean I mean so you know so want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge you know like like well so I mean so so is for you to come with us in other words because we're not going uh okay like well like you know so uh with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world well well so like okay so well okay because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions well uh um I mean okay well well like of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution so uh uh like so I mean well well for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was searching through her closet uh okay uh like you know uh you know uh looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed okay you know well like I mean so well I mean with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up I mean like so like you know I mean I mean uh to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They had just started like uh so well like so like like volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but so uh um uh well well okay okay Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she so well so well well okay so um was about to head out to a party Ali thought that would be the um you know well so like so okay you know end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the Love uh like so so like so uh you know is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here. Here. We like like well well um well um like are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi I mean okay so you know so well so well guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with I mean I mean you know I mean uh um okay um blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta well like um well well you know uh you know is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have so uh so uh um uh so well the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk um uh um um you know um okay okay with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and um you know like you know so okay well I mean is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any okay I mean well you know um you know like okay reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature like okay like like so okay okay I mean and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on you know well you know you know okay like uh you know the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement so okay like um well uh you know like or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys like well uh um you know so you know well newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my well like so you know you know okay okay uh name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing well so uh I mean like uh uh okay show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine well you know you know like I mean okay so well start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the I mean um like uh uh well I mean um chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic okay um um so uh well like so women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have I mean um so like like okay um okay helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that you know so okay uh you know like uh I mean people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was so um I mean I mean um well okay I mean called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with uh you know like I mean you know okay so like Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart uh uh you know uh okay okay like um some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then okay okay okay well uh like well uh there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through um uh well I mean so okay I mean um the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in um like like okay so so I mean uh the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside I mean I mean um you know well like I mean I mean a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant okay you know uh I mean you know uh I mean well was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt so okay you know like I mean you know well uh an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of well um so so I mean like uh you know life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host uh well you know well uh uh okay you know Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of so um uh um you know like uh I mean diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's well like uh well uh so so uh unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a I mean okay you know you know so uh okay well yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of well well well okay I mean you know um okay us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain um okay um okay uh like like so about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to so um well you know um you know uh uh you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? I mean like well well I mean so like you know Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs so you know I mean uh so um well like. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to okay so so like I mean well you know you know two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for like I mean okay uh I mean I mean so so just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it I mean okay well so uh like you know uh is. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on like okay so you know uh well okay I mean some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been you know uh um uh I mean I mean like so divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about okay uh I mean well okay okay I mean so Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not well like like okay well uh well well only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating um so okay well I mean you know um like discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be so like um okay you know um so so long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be like uh um well you know so I mean so found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right I mean like you know okay um I mean okay so place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the like so well well you know okay well uh Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next like you know um okay um okay uh so. But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found okay you know you know you know okay you know okay uh our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it so I mean okay like you know uh like I mean hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your um you know okay um you know like well okay day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me uh well well so well well well you know on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and I mean like so um okay so like I mean pray this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week um I mean like um well okay I mean okay. I'm just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my um I mean okay uh okay I mean uh um South out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't uh I mean um well well um I mean I mean stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but uh so uh well well uh you know well I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went uh I mean um well well you know so um back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia um okay I mean so you know uh um I mean Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried to okay uh um okay well well you know um stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes well uh um you know uh you know I mean like on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the so I mean so I mean um so so uh complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories uh uh you know you know uh um I mean um free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past a uh okay like um uh I mean I mean well dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with Brigade I mean well okay like you know uh you know you know is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear separately could've you know uh okay like okay you know so so and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And you know I mean I mean like like um um like how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, you know um like I mean you know uh okay so he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna like so uh you know I mean um okay you know manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there I mean uh well okay like I mean I mean you know to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right okay uh so uh well so okay uh place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really excited to well um um well I mean you know okay uh have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes everyone okay you know like uh well well I mean I mean is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, um I mean you know like so well I mean so and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in um so like so like so I mean okay their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to uh I mean okay um so uh so okay have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound so uh so uh you know uh like I mean like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado okay so okay like okay well you know I mean and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you well like so you know well I mean you know like want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison okay you know uh you know I mean uh like so Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the you know well uh I mean I mean you know I mean okay description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was so uh you know so um so like like certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire you know okay okay so um so you know um Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie um well well like okay um you know um was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has okay uh uh um like you know like you know to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie okay I mean okay so so you know I mean well would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now um well um so you know well I mean um I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts I mean well okay okay you know uh well uh down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News you know so like um like I mean like I mean Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on so well like I mean well I mean so I mean her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check so okay uh so you know um uh like out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for okay well so okay well so um well the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker um well well like I mean okay um uh sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and you know you know well okay so I mean you know well Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban okay well I mean well uh you know uh um Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves okay like um okay uh you know like uh on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences okay okay well okay so okay so uh and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a um you know so like well uh I mean I mean CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on well uh okay um well uh uh so this podcast, we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably uh well like so like like like okay the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to okay um okay well so okay like uh date. We also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and um so like well um uh uh uh Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the like uh uh you know I mean well you know well people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different uh um you know uh um I mean like you know areas of the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well well you know well like uh uh you know um to explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons uh uh I mean uh like um uh well. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - well you know so um I mean you know um uh man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character so uh um you know like uh I mean I mean hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because okay you know like well you know like uh you know we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So um I mean well uh uh so like I mean send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that uh so like so you know like like like Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing well so you know so you know you know so well doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been like you know well well I mean I mean like okay there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne and like uh well you know like I mean um uh Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to you know uh well like um uh well like make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to you know um I mean well so uh okay so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your so okay well um uh well so I mean podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you know you know you know uh I mean well you know okay can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to so uh like well you know so well okay make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred you know I mean okay um um you know uh well on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit so you know well okay okay you know uh so on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management uh like I mean well you know you know I mean well physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot okay okay you know well well you know so uh 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help okay um you know uh so I mean uh well you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart well uh uh uh well you know um okay and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March okay okay uh okay you know I mean I mean um 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa um well uh well so so uh so Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim um I mean okay I mean so um I mean um was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa okay okay I mean okay uh okay I mean um Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my well like uh um uh uh um uh Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also like like I mean you know like um you know so Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house you know well so um so uh you know so. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned you know I mean well uh you know uh okay okay the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something well okay um well okay um I mean you know going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe you know like I mean I mean okay you know like well it or not? Because they always write a five or six or seven you know so uh um uh okay you know well page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know you know okay uh um so you know okay well know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a like well you know I mean like well so okay text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son you know well okay um so well uh well from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a I mean well so like like I mean like okay little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things well uh uh you know um you know so you know about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's uh um uh uh okay um I mean well a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right well you know you know I mean I mean okay well uh from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the like like so okay like like like you know free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it like um um uh so I mean okay so out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis well um I mean so you know uh okay okay Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's you know I mean um well so um like okay to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to you know uh uh um like um so like be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit like you know uh okay you know uh so so our website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me like I mean well like um uh you know uh just ask you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years so okay I mean I mean you know uh you know well old again member. Can I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how well I mean um like so well uh well about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how about those who do not um you know um you know so you know um um want to admit their age 30 above so that everything is now since okay um I mean you know so okay you know um our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? Okay, so well I mean you know so like I mean I mean what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already like I mean you know well uh okay so well know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's you know uh uh well you know okay you know um it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going okay like I mean well uh okay okay I mean to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's um like like um well uh so I mean all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving um well I mean I mean so like I mean like. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't like well so so well I mean like so have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right you know well so so like uh uh okay guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about uh like uh well so well um um anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make um well so well uh well so you know a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you um you know well you know okay you know well okay here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and so um okay so so you know uh like kind of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey I mean like like uh you know um so okay. I I don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go I mean like well I mean um you know you know well to school with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work well I mean well um like uh uh like and I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in well so like like well I mean uh so a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the well okay um so well uh you know you know ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if well okay well um um like you know you know you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I you know you know um you know like like well like reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link um okay uh I mean like well okay I mean in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that um uh you know I mean well okay okay you know Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because uh uh um like well um um okay Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight like okay I mean you know so um like uh. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so you know like I mean um you know you know um uh she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason uh so so uh so well like well Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I uh well you know you know like um so uh see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down you know okay okay uh you know um okay I mean in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News well uh well I mean well like uh so Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep well um you know um uh okay uh um dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure I mean um well you know um okay like like you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific okay like like okay I mean well so so on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just I mean uh you know you know uh you know I mean I mean like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real thing well you know you know like well okay uh well. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a uh so well you know so well so you know lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the one I mean well I mean I mean I mean you know I mean so that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and like okay okay I mean well uh like like home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll you know well well you know you know so um you know play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music so much you know like well um um so so okay to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until you know you know well like you know uh I mean um he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of like I mean okay like you know um so I mean in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going to I mean well well well so you know you know okay record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a okay I mean I mean I mean okay okay I mean I mean little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open I mean um uh you know uh okay okay well. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again so like you know I mean um uh well like calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the like like you know so so I mean um you know moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against uh uh uh okay um like well okay the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello like you know um okay you know um um like. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both I mean um I mean okay so okay well uh of ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I well so you know um like um you know so not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play so I mean um well I mean you know so well soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me um you know like uh I mean like um okay to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So like um okay uh I mean you know well you know my first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written okay so so I mean I mean I mean okay you know soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm like I mean you know I mean I mean like so like Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could I mean like I mean like well well well um just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart okay so um uh you know so uh okay come chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started so um like you know so like like like. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long uh well uh so okay so uh I mean. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right so I mean I mean um okay like like uh Jenna. I'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you I mean um okay well okay um uh you know so much Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a I mean well uh so like you know so you know delight for me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and like uh um well um I mean so okay Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and like uh uh I mean you know okay I mean well her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading I mean um uh like you know like okay um faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony okay like I mean like um well you know well Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it you know so you know like um like you know so or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if okay uh well uh so okay okay you know it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered well um um um uh uh okay like that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern I mean well so so you know well okay well spirituality with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to like you know so okay I mean I mean I mean like discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion you know um um like um you know okay um New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the uh uh um well okay uh I mean um shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other so um um I mean uh um like like shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join like I mean I mean well um um I mean okay me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality you know so like like you know uh okay I mean in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy you know like like um I mean uh um like healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have I mean you know okay you know um I mean you know I mean a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't um okay like you know I mean I mean uh um have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up okay um so okay so so uh well shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to uh okay um well like you know I mean uh revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search okay so okay I mean um uh okay you know results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking uh uh um I mean uh uh so okay you from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean like okay okay um well I mean like well Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you like you know okay uh well like I mean so more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you okay I mean okay okay um so like uh more bookings and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of okay okay I mean like uh um like uh commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement like well so I mean um you know so okay. They're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will okay well so I mean so like so I mean require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and okay well like um you know I mean you know okay this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised okay like so I mean I mean so you know well this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some well I mean you know okay so okay I mean well people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa like well like um uh okay okay like Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office um I mean okay like I mean well you know um. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What you know so so you know uh so um so was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He well okay uh uh well I mean so like said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was um okay I mean like uh okay um um baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just well I mean um um so you know uh uh what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is like like I mean okay like I mean you know I mean the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't you know uh so well uh I mean um you know know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more well okay uh so I mean I mean uh like that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of so so I mean like like well you know so a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic you know uh uh you know I mean okay uh uh at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a you know well uh so I mean I mean I mean well podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin I mean well like well you know okay well okay in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's um uh um like well you know um like called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue okay like uh like uh well uh uh by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing like okay like well uh okay well well all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but so uh uh uh like I mean I mean okay on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive I mean well like I mean well well you know like for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but so um so I mean well um uh you know not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first so uh well like you know uh okay like and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't well like uh well well okay uh like heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me go um you know um well so um uh so ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do there's so well um okay I mean well uh uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean um you know you know I mean okay I mean um or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your so um okay um I mean so I mean like podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many more uh so I mean okay I mean like so like you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you like I mean uh okay so uh okay uh need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And you know I mean uh you know okay I mean so you know this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed so like you know um okay you know you know uh this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with I mean um well well okay uh uh okay God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't okay I mean I mean okay you know you know I mean well go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here I mean so like uh well you know so I mean. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles like like so uh okay like well like 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday um like okay okay so I mean um you know. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word you know um um you know you know okay okay I mean and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience like well you know uh you know like you know uh. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really I mean you know I mean like well um like well really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first well uh okay um like um I mean I mean of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here like I mean well you know um well um uh. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got I mean you know I mean you know uh okay so I mean to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make um so I mean okay you know so so okay some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can make I mean like um I mean you know okay uh well a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really uh like um so so I mean well like serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take um like okay you know uh okay so so things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to okay like um you know uh well like like find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am like I mean you know uh um like I mean I mean. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which I mean I mean uh well um so so so you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good I mean um um uh um okay so okay. And this week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you know so you know well well um you know well you both? Yeah for the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's um okay so okay I mean um well okay and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully like well so uh okay you know um I mean Charles Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The you know I mean you know um I mean you know you know I mean summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge okay like well you know okay um you know uh a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true I mean you know like like uh well I mean okay crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the I mean I mean you know you know well uh like like headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their like so like uh so um you know so way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week well you know uh uh okay well so okay. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name is uh um well okay I mean I mean like so Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I wanted you know like well I mean you know like um like to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am interested in and well well uh like I mean so okay like I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce businesses I mean like so okay like okay uh okay. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing I mean so okay you know um well I mean I mean here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things that somebody uh well like you know so you know like I mean who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which okay uh like you know okay well well um is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine you know like um um like um okay uh seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in um you know like I mean I mean I mean uh so the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East some well you know um well well uh I mean okay of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will uh like um um uh okay so so learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with you know um like like um I mean I mean uh less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm okay you know so like you know you know I mean like your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and uh like okay I mean I mean okay I mean I mean friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They so so well okay uh so so uh say wisdom comes with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? well you know you know okay well I mean I mean so I don't know who said that I heard it in the song one time well like well um okay like well okay. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in okay um you know okay so uh you know like the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a um like okay um well so like so mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is like I mean so you know okay um okay well that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind each with so um okay like like so you know um our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person can uh uh like you know you know um like so or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we can um um so I mean um I mean I mean um fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences uh you know like so so uh well well rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it you know um well I mean I mean like like you know was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce to I mean well like um um um okay I mean you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we had so uh so uh uh like um you know talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality um well so uh okay um um well now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we um you know well um okay like okay you know are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of okay okay well um so well okay um just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made well I mean you know you know okay I mean so well us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are well um okay I mean you know okay okay okay individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so um I mean so you know I mean you know well so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting well I mean uh well uh you know like uh to know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard so okay um like I mean uh uh you know. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I like so well you know uh I mean so um think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in so well I mean um um uh I mean uh the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well okay uh so so you know like well so really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good I mean uh so I mean uh so uh um good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results okay like like well um I mean so you know of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival um you know like uh like like uh I mean selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 okay I mean uh like so okay I mean well action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got uh okay um I mean um you know like uh itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home uh well like I mean like well uh you know at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed I mean um you know uh uh so uh uh and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for uh so okay uh I mean uh like well he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by um so like well well okay like so Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 you know okay you know like uh like so well and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've uh uh um uh well so like I mean looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the well um I mean uh uh so okay uh back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk now um I mean so um you know um so well. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I know so um I mean I mean well so okay well we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show? So okay uh you know you know uh okay well like we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode. Whoa well so well well well uh you know like. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So so um uh like I mean you know well okay what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of um you know um like you know I mean um um the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the uh you know um I mean like um like um footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to so so uh I mean um you know um uh work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the video um I mean um uh okay uh uh well cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which um I mean you know well I mean I mean I mean uh deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we um like well I mean I mean uh like like actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just I mean so like um um I mean so you know can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me uh um um you know okay well um so give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you know um you know so I mean so well you know you're wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I mean okay you know well so you know like you know I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group okay uh you know uh well uh okay well of people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney like like so like I mean I mean uh like movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try well I mean uh I mean okay well you know well to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody so like I mean I mean okay okay well um that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell like so I mean okay like you know um so that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil um okay uh um um uh like like who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the uh um I mean um well I mean so I mean head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free I mean okay I mean okay um like so like from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the uh uh um like okay like well okay enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil like like so well okay like uh I mean one cannot touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am um well well uh like so like um in right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the like like I mean you know okay you know I mean like peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me well well well so well well I mean uh than he that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy like well you know like I mean you know like uh Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new I have been so like like I mean you know uh okay so given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God you know so you know um well okay um um shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter so okay so okay um like okay well episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not so um you know I mean uh like like so be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because I mean uh okay uh like well so you know we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be uh well like okay um uh like okay more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all uh okay well you know like I mean well uh this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm you know you know uh okay I mean so so I mean excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make um you know uh well well um like I mean every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? well uh um I mean I mean okay so okay Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam you know okay uh well I mean well okay well im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage okay you know I mean so you know um um I mean trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial well well like so you know like um I mean the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to so you know well like so okay okay you know today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering um um so um I mean I mean I mean you know the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US so I mean um well uh so so okay were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the you know um uh um um so like okay crime of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This you know like uh well you know like like uh podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few um I mean like I mean you know you know uh you know things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of okay so um so uh uh like I mean books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions. If you I mean you know like you know uh okay okay um want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go like okay well so so well well I mean to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise to you know I mean well I mean like uh so you know read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask me so uh so okay you know so um like anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at I mean I mean you know like you know um like uh near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near so well like so I mean so well well and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while um I mean like uh uh uh um I mean the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod you know you know well you know okay uh I mean so. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think so like I mean um um I mean so okay HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches so well so so so um well you know a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other well okay I mean uh well like you know uh people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what so like I mean I mean you know uh uh uh you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer does I mean I mean I mean well um so okay like and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important you know okay okay uh I mean okay okay I mean tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine I mean well well you know so uh um um your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything okay I mean well okay you know uh uh so from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you well like you know so so so well you know can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is like like like um okay so um like brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We okay um like so like so like okay wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that well okay okay so so I mean you know so they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use you know okay uh I mean okay I mean uh uh it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really you know well you know I mean I mean like well like like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit um I mean I mean you know okay uh like um your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere I mean I mean uh like um you know well I mean and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no I mean uh you know um uh I mean okay you know minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very well well like so well okay um um own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener like okay okay uh um you know uh like discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story uh so like I mean you know well well okay You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about like like okay okay well okay you know um leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure I mean you know okay uh you know uh like like to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves um well um you know so well I mean so lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests like well well you know uh uh uh well dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before today's well okay um so so okay so uh boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got um so okay I mean okay well um like Andy on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I mean like well so uh well like you know I'm good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my I mean you know um you know you know okay okay I mean back was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I well you know you know like I mean so well I mean try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean um uh you know so um so okay so are you I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as I mean uh uh so um like uh like you see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to well okay um okay um so um uh treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely okay so okay okay you know uh um uh not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but so uh uh so um okay like so I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed like okay like so well you know uh okay that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't um um I mean well okay so um okay be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody like so I mean I mean I mean um uh okay our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we like well uh so so uh well um have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your okay like well like you know well you know I mean what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your so I mean I mean like well you know um okay Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a so okay so uh I mean you know okay you know long day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the like so okay okay I mean well uh you know legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star okay well I mean uh um so uh um. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and I mean well so you know uh uh like I mean True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener well uh so like well so you know well discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the like I mean you know I mean like um well well sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex you know uh like I mean uh um so uh acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time well okay like well well well uh you know what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and um um I mean well um okay like like if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do well like well like so I mean uh uh celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up um uh well uh like um okay so. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I okay okay okay like you know well you know um was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep uh I mean like so uh like uh uh transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan like like so I mean okay so um like Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is like so I mean like I mean uh I mean you know Josh character. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South like uh you know I mean so I mean so like University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell um okay uh so you know um okay um us some of those other things too when shots were characters character character like okay well okay I mean um okay so my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm um I mean well um so you know um so your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to go I mean uh like so like like um you know over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 season like okay like um I mean I mean okay okay 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, um uh so uh uh um like well it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little so you know well well um like so so bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a like okay well like um well like so podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay you know okay uh okay so um um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor uh uh so well like so well like will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast I mean so well so you know so okay like and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you know you know I mean uh well you know um uh you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go uh like uh like um so like okay to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the game well well I mean uh you know you know like you know chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of so okay okay you know um okay like um the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber uh okay so uh uh okay um well. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's like I mean so okay um well I mean okay decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to like like well so so okay well like the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in so you know you know well uh so like I mean Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution so uh uh you know like like I mean like is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger uh well so so like like um uh Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a I mean like so well like so well um ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was um I mean um I mean well okay like I mean obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an uh I mean like uh I mean uh so well effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the Rocky um okay um well like okay so so Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service had you know like um you know you know you know um well relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But you know like you know like you know like I mean well many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but um well uh well so like I mean so Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those well I mean like like like well like okay of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the uh uh you know um okay so I mean uh guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the well so you know I mean like I mean um you know management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on so um okay I mean okay I mean you know okay but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma um well like so um uh you know okay. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something well um you know like you know like um um to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So so well so I mean you know um well like break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified I mean well okay uh well you know like I mean the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do all okay uh I mean okay uh okay you know okay the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create and okay uh so you know okay uh well um host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for uh so I mean like well um um um download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel I mean so I mean I mean so well like like how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day okay um I mean I mean well okay so so he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with like well um I mean okay um you know okay God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to I mean so uh I mean like um okay uh be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon um you know I mean I mean well so well um Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and you know um okay well uh well well so Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to well um um okay like uh um so go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It okay so you know you know um like well well is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God you know well so so okay well well uh the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking uh um you know so like I mean um you know about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for like well like so so okay uh you know the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term um uh you know like so well you know like. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in so well okay you know okay so well um automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more okay okay I mean um like well uh so effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology you know uh I mean I mean um you know like uh platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years like well um like you know you know like so American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do like I mean um um um like so uh you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? well okay uh you know well uh well okay Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going um well you know uh like well uh you know on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah I mean okay I mean like you know um uh you know my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last well okay okay okay um uh so you know night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of um I mean okay so well uh okay um I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars well you know um well okay you know you know well. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian guide uh like like okay you know well I mean so to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you well well okay like I mean I mean you know um know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned uh okay okay you know so you know uh like in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an I mean um well uh like I mean I mean like article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? uh like okay uh so uh so uh I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking so um like um like you know so um not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything well so I mean uh like so uh well to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history so you know I mean well uh so uh well of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I okay I mean so uh okay you know okay like mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on well so so um um okay so um for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a like um uh you know like okay well okay number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 so you know um you know so well you know like with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys I mean so um you know so you know well well for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling um okay so like okay okay okay so Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times uh uh well um uh I mean well I mean that I look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because uh um I mean um I mean well I mean um I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real um you know like I mean well like well I mean soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA um okay I mean um you know like like um garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls AKA I mean okay okay okay um you know uh um ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I did. Thank um so okay so uh you know I mean so you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently the sound okay I mean uh so so uh like uh was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with well so like um okay uh um okay me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of I mean um I mean so I mean okay okay okay course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very well. What I mean I mean so I mean uh so well well an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the well um uh like okay so uh so top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one of the well um like well uh so I mean um Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of thousands so okay you know uh well uh um okay quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for more shocking uh I mean okay I mean okay well okay well sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March okay uh okay uh I mean um you know okay Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th uh so okay so you know you know uh okay 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy um okay so well um you know uh I mean in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed like uh okay okay I mean well I mean okay on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the you know so I mean like uh I mean um okay division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division um like I mean okay uh I mean you know um stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash you know like uh I mean like um so so on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of like um you know uh well so I mean so the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat well okay uh you know you know so well so despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even if so I mean well uh you know so I mean like you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to a um I mean uh well okay I mean okay uh handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it It's uh I mean like uh uh uh well so a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in uh like I mean you know um uh you know like the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used like um uh well so well um so for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars I mean okay okay so like well uh um or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are I mean um um uh you know like well uh discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin so I mean okay so okay uh um uh tie. I'm excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll I mean you know like so so um I mean I mean go through and do our names and pronouns and And we're going okay well I mean uh so okay like like to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name is Connor I use heat um so you know um I mean like so so and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You so well I mean like I mean I mean I mean so know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing at himself. It's really so I mean um um um well like I mean it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun. My name is Anna you know um uh okay well um you know um I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 okay well um okay I mean like um well at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip well uh okay like you know well um well at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original like like you know I mean okay like you know you know peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the so okay uh like well you know like um transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from uh well okay you know you know like you know I mean Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's like um uh um uh I mean I mean uh topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this information so you know okay you know well you know okay so on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's I mean um well like well okay um well for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek I mean I mean like so um like well I mean advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned I mean like well well like um um um because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv uh uh so well you know uh so um top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to you know you know you know um um like um you know the after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex so well so you know I mean well like okay Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have so you know like well uh well okay okay Linda ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, uh so okay so uh you know okay okay Stacy has a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just I mean well uh uh well okay okay okay gone we're vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard uh well I mean uh uh uh uh you know a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham so you know uh you know um you know I mean um with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here today on so you know I mean like I mean like I mean you know the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation so um like like like like okay okay and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation I mean I mean well so well well uh I mean and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment and I mean uh so you know I mean well like uh I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak uh so okay well okay uh I mean you know about and so my question for you just to get right into it because I like uh so uh like um you know like want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for so I mean well so um well so uh you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on uh so so okay okay um um like here and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for okay um uh uh uh so like um our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two uh so okay so okay like I mean so. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from okay uh you know so um okay you know uh your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can like well well I mean so I mean like like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can you know I mean um so so um uh so make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a um well I mean like um okay well uh podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and well okay like like um you know you know you know Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's uh you know uh so um okay you know um a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, well so okay you know well so um you know we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our okay okay so well I mean so uh like podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So I mean okay I mean uh I mean uh so okay we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when um I mean uh so you know um okay um I get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are okay I mean uh I mean I mean I mean well uh now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe you know okay uh well so so so um follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which like I mean well so um I mean so you know is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys well okay so um like like you know like. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and uh I mean um I mean so well uh uh guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at uh you know like I mean uh I mean um I mean the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It I mean like you know like um okay so okay just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will well like um uh I mean uh you know um be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to like um okay uh I mean uh um I mean doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so like okay okay so um like okay so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness like you know you know so you know so you know I mean influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came you know like I mean well you know so you know uh to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps um like uh well okay uh so you know disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do okay well okay so you know well I mean so which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of so so well like okay um so like ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to um okay well I mean so you know so like those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was um so uh I mean like I mean um um so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I I mean okay I mean um like uh well um really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a so um you know so well I mean so like comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells uh um like um well so I mean um vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts well uh like uh well well I mean well of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester uh you know I mean okay so uh like um a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small well okay so um so well okay like range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living I mean uh I mean well so well well well cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if uh so um I mean um okay okay like blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, you know like like I mean like so you know okay which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood like uh so I mean you know uh um I mean flows through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration like like uh like so you know uh uh. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases um uh so okay I mean okay so you know the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin uh uh so I mean you know you know so like these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that so like okay okay like uh I mean um is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the like like well um I mean okay I mean you know pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This you know you know you know you know so um like well is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin I mean uh um like uh like well like show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy you know well I mean okay um I mean I mean um been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people you know you know so I mean I mean okay I mean well on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So okay okay so like uh like well okay I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first half uh okay um okay you know okay I mean I mean there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was okay like so um you know like okay um spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow um so like um so um I mean uh cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle you know you know uh so um okay well um is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of um I mean like you know well I mean well well March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the so okay I mean like so you know you know I mean morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut I mean okay so well uh like well uh the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a uh so you know you know okay you know so okay new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut well okay okay so well well you know uh the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the uh okay okay like uh like you know um right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted you know um so so I mean uh you know you know shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have uh like so you know you know so so so the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis uh you know I mean well like you know uh you know points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast so like so so okay well you know I mean in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret today okay so so um so well okay you know. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene so like you know like uh uh so I mean stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in so well well uh like you know uh okay the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments you know I mean so you know okay like um you know participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I I mean okay so like um like well uh guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on um okay so well so okay okay like my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity um well you know you know um um uh okay case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do okay um like you know uh uh okay I mean not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this like okay okay you know like um like okay podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American well I mean I mean well okay so so like humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your well so you know uh well okay so you know host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor okay I mean uh well uh okay so like here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the well so well you know I mean uh um okay Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did I mean um um well um uh well so and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big okay okay um like I mean um okay uh early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into I mean you know well um uh um like um halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in I mean okay okay okay I mean okay okay okay South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most um like I mean okay I mean so like like of the time they were up by like six or something like that but it you know well well well like I mean okay you know felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance well so okay I mean well you know okay so but a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as like um okay like like okay okay um much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult so like like so like so you know you know subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable um uh so so I mean well like like for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about like I mean um I mean I mean um like like sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to like so um um you know like um so them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on well um okay I mean okay you know like uh a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA I mean um you know I mean well like you know uh was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular I mean like well you know like you know you know well TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent like you know like um okay okay uh so Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 well I mean um you know um uh like like has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor so you know I mean like um um okay okay Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz like like you know well you know I mean you know well and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By well so um okay so uh um uh Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't uh well okay you know uh well so uh complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm okay well um you know you know you know you know okay you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got uh uh uh well uh um I mean okay three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my uh so like like uh I mean like you know blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie and you know well like well like well okay so I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call the you know um like you know like well uh so great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're going to like okay like okay you know well you know so Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course do our well uh so like well like okay I mean wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're going with like um um you know so so um uh something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I well I mean you know so um you know uh so would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year I mean okay uh well well okay uh like old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family like uh so you know uh okay you know well out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original so uh so you know like well uh so today. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a uh you know um okay well okay uh okay 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back uh um okay so you know like so I mean to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My okay well like okay like okay uh well name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, well um you know okay well uh uh uh and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first so uh um um well so you know so episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that you know uh uh well I mean so like uh focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday so like like like you know okay um I mean. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys so I mean like I mean like okay well well Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give well I mean well um okay like um I mean you the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling I mean like like uh okay okay I mean um the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the so I mean I mean well so so so okay these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three um so um well uh so I mean like days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys like um uh uh like okay like okay and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether you know okay like okay you know you know so okay through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this so so well I mean well uh uh so is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day okay um you know okay uh uh uh uh. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a um you know I mean you know well you know uh so friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your okay uh um like uh I mean uh uh way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this um um like uh so like okay well segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I okay okay well I mean uh well okay uh do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in you know so uh okay uh you know okay I mean a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply Google uh okay okay I mean so I mean um like the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information on well well so okay um I mean well okay the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it I mean so I mean um uh um uh you know simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined you know I mean okay so like I mean you know okay by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad well so well well um okay I mean so boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha I mean uh I mean like I mean you know you know you know. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori well um I mean okay you know well I mean um mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the so okay so I mean like so well you know 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick you know so well okay uh you know like so on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal uh well like like like okay so well all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity well I mean well okay okay like uh well encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing okay uh so so uh uh okay okay on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles okay well I mean okay uh okay like I mean around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story okay like um well like I mean well you know of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be well I mean um you know um you know uh I mean treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up in California uh so so so okay okay like so and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping um like I mean um um okay like I mean to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores you know like um um like like okay uh was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing so so uh okay um uh you know uh to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house um so like like so um uh well Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor well well uh um I mean um you know okay his cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively I mean like so like okay well um okay to the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret so like okay I mean okay I mean you know uh them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they so you know I mean you know okay you know well so also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or okay um I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean uh not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order I mean okay you know uh so uh so well that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where well I mean I mean like so like okay okay the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to like well um so so like like I mean the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in like I mean uh well um I mean I mean I mean the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the I mean I mean you know okay um um I mean well prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He um so like uh you know well you know uh is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda um um like I mean well you know I mean so. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's uh okay like uh um you know uh you know talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house um um you know like like um like I mean for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but well um so um well okay you know um he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that so you know uh okay like I mean okay you know you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with I mean I mean you know well like okay um well the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so well so like I mean I mean well uh um I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, okay you know uh um uh like okay um but I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl like so uh so okay okay uh well. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they well okay you know well like you know so um have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys like like you know okay like okay you know I mean have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last okay well like you know well you know like uh year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really okay okay okay I mean so so okay I mean sure but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi you know um um okay okay uh like okay everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey so uh I mean okay I mean like um you know everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt uh you know um well well like like so that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin you know uh well well you know um okay uh Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this I mean like well you know um so so um episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have I mean well like so well well uh well been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's okay so like you know so you know okay uh a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once like okay like you know like you know you know I mean again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another um so well I mean so you know okay like episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit I mean like okay I mean so well so okay later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason. We're okay like I mean um so um you know well back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want like you know well okay so um you know okay to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually okay I mean like you know so like so uh have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like uh um well well I mean um um I mean Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually uh so I mean so uh so um you know had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach you know uh well um okay well you know like out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the you know you know well uh like I mean you know so first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email I mean uh so like okay so I mean I mean where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far okay okay I mean so okay I mean like uh if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you um um like like you know you know like well about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest like okay I mean I mean I mean well okay well way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow like um okay okay uh uh uh okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor like you know um uh I mean so you know I mean will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple so so you know okay you know um uh um. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum um like uh so well like you know you know listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor uh okay um so like uh uh I mean app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast I mean well well uh uh you know I mean uh. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the uh like like so like I mean so so easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects uh like well well I mean you know okay I mean are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software okay like okay um um like I mean um to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host um uh okay so like okay um well the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while okay like uh well I mean uh well uh also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives you know well I mean so okay um you know like me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either well like so so uh um okay um from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the I mean well so so so um like okay opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting I mean okay um uh well I mean um I mean your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go uh I mean you know so okay you know I mean um to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic okay um like so like uh I mean like. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater um like so you know well like uh you know pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah I mean okay you know you know um um you know I mean. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys well I mean um uh I mean well okay so. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As you know like okay okay like okay um you know if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode well um I mean um well like um you know 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so well like okay uh well uh you know so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all like like I mean well so so you know I mean of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode I mean so okay I mean like you know well uh 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects uh like I mean like I mean uh well um. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait so like so like well I mean so so to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode like well like so well well um um 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at well I mean okay like uh I mean okay okay the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses um okay I mean okay okay okay you know um along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and like well um you know uh uh like you know blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank like so okay well I mean okay I mean uh you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this I mean I mean so so I mean okay you know uh one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's like well you know so like uh well uh totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh so so I mean okay you know okay I mean from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can I mean you know uh uh I mean well okay you know be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you like like like like you know so you know well can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a I mean well I mean um um well um so successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every I mean I mean well like so like well I mean touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the I mean um you know you know you know so uh uh value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five so um you know well uh um I mean well AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 I mean so you know okay you know well um okay times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this um well you know um you know I mean so uh is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I mean so well I mean so okay okay I mean I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was okay so so uh I mean um uh um going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that uh um um well uh I mean well well happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have you know okay like well well well uh well the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got you know um okay okay you know I mean like I mean Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar I mean okay like like okay so well okay purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for well uh okay you know um um I mean so those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC um you know uh so you know uh so like and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts uh okay I mean like you know well like um as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm like um I mean so you know you know uh like in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that okay like well I mean okay so like so when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to uh um so you know you know so like well start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I don't um well you know so like well like well know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that you know I mean I mean okay so well okay so there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further so uh I mean um okay like uh like than where we are that if we get enough power we can we uh I mean you know well I mean well like um can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about you know okay you know you know I mean so I mean so this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and uh okay well okay so um so so be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of like like uh so uh like like well life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its um um okay well you know okay so um wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based um you know um okay you know so like so on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House like so I mean I mean you know you know like like and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow okay like so well so well okay so in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily um well you know you know you know so well okay devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through you know so okay well I mean um like I mean 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people like um okay um I mean okay like so wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron like well um like well like like well and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that like I mean uh you know you know I mean I mean like our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the okay uh you know uh uh uh uh okay easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that you know so so uh um well you know so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm you know like so so like you know like you know doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute you know so um you know uh you know you know um. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and well okay you know so like okay you know you know many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, you know um uh well so so so like I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the okay well um like well uh I mean uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now you know you know so I mean so you know uh uh back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 like so so like you know you know I mean like today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from you know um I mean uh uh uh like uh Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on um so okay well you know I mean um so the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little like like I mean so um well so well bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and uh you know uh well um I mean uh well welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise like I mean okay okay like uh okay well Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom okay like uh I mean okay you know okay um to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard it uh so uh um you know I mean uh well all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I um like uh uh I mean well uh like created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find like uh I mean um uh you know so okay ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of it uh um okay okay you know you know um uh. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always like so you know okay you know like I mean like writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and um okay so so uh so okay you know how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach I mean you know well well you know um you know um them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic like well okay you know like well so you know math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and subtract well you know like um you know okay um okay numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add well you know you know like you know you know like I mean some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how I mean I mean so uh like you know so so to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read I mean I mean uh well like okay okay I mean them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that you know like I mean uh you know you know okay um in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and okay um like okay um I mean you know uh do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means well okay okay um so well like um that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners like like like like uh uh you know like may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small I mean okay um I mean so so like okay wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from I mean okay I mean so so okay you know okay within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was okay I mean well um I mean um so like in labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby okay well uh well um well well you know whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes you know uh uh well um you know okay well that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for so uh um um um um well well another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby well well I mean I mean like like like I mean. The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his uh so you know like well so uh so mother since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay okay okay um well um I mean you know you know funny story right last weekend. I went back home to dinner right you know um you know so um well um like then. My mom asked me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? I mean like well you know okay um I mean like Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't I mean uh like you know uh okay I mean well know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah um so okay you know so like well so real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we okay like okay um so well like uh don't like the number for all neighs now today. We have a very special uh well you know so um I mean well okay guest now. I know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering uh okay well like okay you know you know uh when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting you know um uh like you know well well well ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and you know you know like I mean so like like well had a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some uh uh I mean so uh okay um like you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there I mean I mean uh uh okay like I mean like. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a you know like so like okay um well uh decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to um like you know you know okay like you know okay get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance well um so okay okay like like well was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing um well so well I mean um um so episode 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that so like um okay okay so well you know last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind uh you know well I mean uh I mean okay you know of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre like okay I mean okay well I mean okay I mean and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I I mean um you know so you know I mean so so would classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist uh uh so so okay well um I mean. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so okay uh um I mean you know I mean okay well I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write okay uh so okay okay um like um any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video I mean okay you know okay like you know um uh series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off um I mean you know so okay like well so. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It I mean uh I mean um um well like well has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot okay like like so uh okay like so of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone okay you know you know I mean so okay like so up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I um okay uh uh so you know well uh think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how so I mean I mean so so um um so Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280 well well uh um uh I mean so okay. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 so um um well so um okay well and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm you know you know okay you know I mean okay so um your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now I mean you know um I mean I mean well uh well dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g so uh I mean so so you know well uh hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips um you know like um you know well so um. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played like so I mean you know like I mean uh like podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until you know uh I mean uh like like um uh eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm well so I mean I mean so okay so uh playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at well um you know you know like I mean uh so Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes so like so like I mean well like um listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to uh okay like um you know I mean well I mean thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to well okay I mean uh well uh like um make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a well okay well like okay so I mean okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like you know so I mean so like like uh phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you like you know uh uh like uh I mean okay can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from okay I mean uh like okay uh like uh your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast like like I mean uh I mean uh I mean so right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- I mean like so you know okay like uh you know to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely like so okay you know like like so so just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much you know like like like so um like so love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic I mean um um um you know I mean well I mean. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking like well okay like uh like like like okay what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? Well, so uh um um uh I mean like uh there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like a I mean I mean you know uh uh so okay um lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is like so I mean so okay I mean uh uh I mean how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and well like well um you know um you know you know insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ like uh you know you know you know you know uh so of Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with you know well so well you know like um um me this week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My so like uh okay so well um um mom uses to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a so so like um well you know so you know pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation um you know so so um like like uh tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know well I mean um okay like so so computer anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard well okay you know uh uh uh well you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a okay okay well okay okay well um um podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM so well well so uh uh like so to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through a um well um you know I mean um okay well kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying down uh like um like you know I mean you know you know on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can uh well um I mean like so uh you know also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make like uh uh okay uh um well I mean sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you know okay um like well so okay okay you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair you know okay well I mean I mean um well okay have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once uh uh so uh so uh I mean so you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you so uh like uh uh well I mean I mean to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV uh okay so I mean uh you know well I mean top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me um like okay you know okay I mean you know you know after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog uh like um I mean okay so I mean well of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so okay I mean well like you know so like okay real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and uh like uh um um um like you know I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's like so uh I mean so so well I mean up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in so so well um um okay um like that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the like um uh okay okay um okay like adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A well like uh uh like well I mean well monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This um um well you know you know well okay like was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat um okay okay okay okay you know you know um. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and like well uh I mean I mean well uh okay today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so well so so uh um um uh you know great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and well uh uh uh well so um I mean complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her um so well well um I mean so okay with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My well so like I mean uh you know um uh number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the well you know so so um so okay you know best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section so um okay well you know I mean I mean well and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to well um like I mean well you know um um keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that like well okay like well um so uh real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't I mean uh I mean I mean well okay uh so like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always well well you know um so okay I mean I mean you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and okay like okay I mean I mean okay you know like Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we well okay I mean well okay uh you know like are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify so um you know well so you know okay so what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love well well you know like so well so okay Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are so like so okay like um um um and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you like um uh I mean uh so like so guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're like like well okay so you know so like listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So I mean I mean um so okay well like uh the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How okay uh okay um you know you know well uh are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's you know so um so um you know okay like been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, like like uh um so I mean um uh and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did like so um uh uh okay I mean like we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this you know like um well uh so like uh little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on well so well you know um okay like so a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the uh okay you know uh you know so uh like way that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, I mean like I mean so okay uh okay um we're recording the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record you know uh like um um well you know I mean the intro this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So you know so okay like um well you know uh it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up you know I mean like well I mean so you know you know this last step the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast so I mean I mean um uh you know I mean I mean hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it I mean um well you know uh okay so you know comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google you know I mean um uh I mean you know you know I mean podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top um I mean uh well I mean uh I mean uh of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much I mean like you know okay like uh you know I mean simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had you know you know I mean well you know well um you know to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay uh so so um you know okay like well for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up so like okay like you know I mean okay well with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go I mean uh you know you know um okay uh uh to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the so you know I mean uh you know well so well Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle uh so you know so okay well well um Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want uh I mean so you know uh so uh okay to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask uh uh well okay uh um you know uh a short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have um like like I mean um so well uh written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truthcom well well uh you know like okay like I mean. Books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and okay okay okay uh okay like I mean you know you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released I mean you know you know so I mean um okay like and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling okay I mean you know uh I mean okay so uh. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome uh uh like like you know like I mean I mean to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to okay okay like okay okay I mean you know um get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the um well um so well okay okay you know hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but well well I mean I mean like uh well like I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks uh well well like you know uh uh well. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is so well you know I mean like I mean uh okay fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas um okay I mean like okay so like you know. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode so okay so you know you know I mean uh so of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is uh well like you know well I mean like you know producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the you know so um like I mean so you know I mean last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually um well okay I mean like like well like been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we um like I mean so um you know okay so recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little well um I mean okay um like you know you know break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like every like okay uh so I mean okay uh like week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I love I mean uh okay okay okay I mean uh you know this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a I mean well well so well like okay like little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I okay like okay you know like okay well so hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is well okay um um so uh well uh in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is um uh you know you know you know so like you know episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student I mean okay so I mean like so uh uh Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to well well okay okay uh you know okay um chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You uh uh so um so uh you know well to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison well so uh so like um I mean so. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec well like like well well okay I mean uh board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions you know well um like uh you know I mean okay coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely so well um I mean well well well like not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend uh like you know okay so um um uh and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock like um I mean well okay um well I mean Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard uh like I mean you know so okay well okay for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It you know like um um I mean um so you know has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could so okay like like I mean so uh uh have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before like um so you know I mean uh well uh we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of so well okay um I mean so so so our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that you know uh well um um um so like America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal well uh I mean okay well uh so so development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual like I mean um so so well uh uh who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and like um uh okay uh okay like uh he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission like you know so I mean um like okay you know of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live I mean so well you know uh you know well okay with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would okay well you know uh you know well you know okay in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's I mean okay uh well like so I mean um Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only you know I mean you know like you know well well I mean when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster uh I mean uh you know uh like like you know Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or I mean uh okay uh you know so I mean so something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I like well um um uh you know um you know guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that um okay well like I mean okay I mean I mean I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out like like okay I mean you know like so like a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things so I mean uh I mean I mean so you know okay surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have um um you know uh well um okay I mean felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting you know so so you know like you know I mean well in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of uh um um like okay well okay so the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the um um well okay well okay you know so Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said um like uh I mean you know you know um I mean this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom of uh I mean you know uh so I mean you know okay the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick um well okay I mean well um um okay Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a I mean I mean well well like um you know uh loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used okay like well like uh I mean uh so to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit you know I mean you know like um like like you know of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of I mean um well you know I mean uh um okay wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a well I mean you know um you know um uh you know professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide okay um okay uh okay you know so like you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 okay uh so so um okay okay uh The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life and uh um okay I mean I mean you know like uh knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature uh uh so uh uh okay so um and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do um okay okay so well okay uh you know a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry I mean uh so uh so I mean okay um information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts I mean you know you know I mean okay you know you know I mean to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves I mean um you know so uh okay uh okay as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with you know okay I mean like well I mean you know you know his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this okay um so like well uh so okay meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week uh okay you know so you know I mean so like. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but so um like uh you know you know you know like I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with okay um you know well you know you know okay well anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in well so you know you know so so okay uh and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within uh um um I mean okay you know I mean like the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and uh okay I mean so so okay um well my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were uh like um so uh like you know I mean up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested well you know like like like like so okay in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her so okay so um you know uh uh um water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think like you know um um you know uh you know well Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just uh you know so um um so you know uh he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much so um like you know okay okay I mean okay. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down I mean you know well I mean um I mean um like today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of the copy um I mean uh I mean I mean um I mean you know that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first and then you know okay um you know well well okay um then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are. So like so I mean like so um like well I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and I've got well okay like you know so okay uh well you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this little cafe actually um you know you know so well so like um not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self um um I mean okay you know you know uh I mean American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time so okay like like so I mean so so out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals you know okay okay um okay okay well like to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment I mean um uh well um okay okay well team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment well like um like uh um okay well ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect like uh uh well I mean okay um you know McMaster University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment you know uh like um okay so uh so risk is undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you uh you know you know um um uh I mean uh about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way I mean um well um okay like um you know to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free okay I mean um I mean okay okay you know I mean. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit like well well uh like well you know like your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your I mean I mean you know I mean so so so well podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any I mean uh okay like like I mean you know I mean pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and like like I mean um like you know okay I mean there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast like okay I mean so like like you know you know all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check uh so okay you know okay I mean you know you know out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right so you know I mean like like um so well there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or uh like so so uh well so well whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break uh okay okay you know um okay like like part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then like well well like well well like like you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter well I mean well um like so well I mean podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name Charles I mean so so uh uh okay uh okay and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time with so like well so you know like well um added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 of uh well uh okay you know like you know I mean Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this like um okay um like uh um well moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, I mean so you know um well uh um so and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can okay uh okay well um okay okay uh drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric you know I mean okay you know okay uh so like. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed like uh I mean uh okay I mean okay I mean the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in you know I mean so well like um like um love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time you know so well um well um like so. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for you know okay you know I mean okay well you know um part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little uh okay um like I mean like well okay bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are well well so okay um you know I mean like getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely so okay I mean I mean um uh okay you know and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh okay okay so like okay well I mean I mean my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know uh well you know I mean I mean well um uh like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it okay you know so I mean well I mean okay like sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the uh I mean um okay okay like like so lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that well okay uh like so uh um okay yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is you know um well uh like like well okay Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners voted well well like so like you know uh um Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the pitch room um okay like so I mean so like okay isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the likes of which I mean well you know like I mean uh well you know we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound like before so uh okay so um um well you know any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has is an so um well I mean well I mean like well idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big business today on uh okay so well you know you know like well the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have are a few well so so you know well so you know like scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch well uh like so uh okay okay you know. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to you know like I mean like um like I mean like financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join well well uh well uh you know um um with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and uh well okay you know you know uh you know um seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back like uh well like uh uh uh well here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to so I mean uh I mean um okay okay I mean get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good well I mean you know um you know uh um so. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but well like I mean so well so you know you know especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the well like okay you know um well um uh host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake uh um like uh so so okay okay level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night you know well uh so like so you know uh and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of um um okay well uh um I mean I mean covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, well like I mean uh um um um uh it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? um so so uh well uh well okay I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions so um well so well I mean um well. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week I mean um well you know I mean um okay well has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some so okay uh okay so so you know so issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would uh so uh I mean uh okay like so say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to so you know like well uh I mean well well kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I I mean like well so so well like well also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit I mean uh okay like like you know like you know hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort of I uh you know like like well well I mean like think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your I mean I mean uh well um like so well host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew uh so um uh so like okay so the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is uh well I mean you know uh you know so well taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and you know um well well uh uh so um greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let um you know I mean okay okay you know okay okay anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to um so I mean so I mean so uh uh come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday I mean I mean like you know well I mean um well mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and uh okay okay um okay you know like so he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking uh okay okay okay um so you know you know about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to resonate with uh uh I mean um like I mean so uh so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This okay I mean um I mean well okay um um one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty you know like I mean so like like okay I mean well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast okay like okay I mean uh so like well. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the like well well well so like uh so episode people need to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency like um um okay well so um well. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have so well well so so uh you know okay taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you so so so okay well uh well okay think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about uh so okay I mean um um um like anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is like well so so uh so so you know the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There so uh you know like well so well well are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like uh so you know I mean well you know I mean phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast so um so so uh okay so well for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more um well um you know um uh uh so. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so well um like I mean I mean okay you know like don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright okay so you know I mean uh so so well now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome I mean okay okay uh well like like okay back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and like like um uh I mean well you know okay it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four okay um okay like so like like um weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's you know I mean so well um um uh like true, or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music like uh uh uh um well okay well Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the uh you know like so um you know okay okay music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show well you know um okay um you know well like now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then okay you know I mean you know I mean um okay uh the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to uh so I mean you know like uh I mean you know introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so um okay I mean okay well um okay. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean well uh like like like you know uh podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean well so okay um you know well so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make like uh uh you know you know okay uh you know money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to like well you know like so well you know uh make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called like I mean like um well so you know you know condiment morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to uh okay I mean so um well I mean well the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all like well uh well you know uh I mean okay. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes okay so okay okay okay I mean you know I mean. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back well I mean okay um okay um uh you know. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far and like well uh you know okay you know like uh don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what so well well I mean um um you know so podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like us to um I mean uh um so okay um well discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that there that uh um well like um okay okay you know you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you well you know like uh so well well well. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective okay I mean like well um um so so execution of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people well well you know you know like um like uh come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent you know like okay you know I mean um okay so countless hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or well like well I mean you know well um I mean even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so like you know so uh so okay you know so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they like so uh uh uh uh like like don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of okay so well so well um well you know all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I mean I mean like okay you know okay I mean um I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do you so like well okay like like like um think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you like okay um um well you know I mean so because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you know I mean um well you know so well I mean you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth like like okay like you know well I mean um is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said like like okay uh okay I mean so well I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it so you know okay I mean like well uh I mean. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a you know uh like like well you know you know well fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a well I mean I mean uh you know well I mean uh whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl like okay uh um okay well so so Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he uh uh well you know uh you know so so do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? uh um well you know you know okay I mean like Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else well okay so okay uh um you know like had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially uh so um uh well uh you know uh when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant like like okay like well okay I mean I mean to be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do um you know um uh um I mean so like need to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever uh uh um well so like okay uh is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF um I mean um okay um well like uh down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, um you know um like okay like I mean uh you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab well like like I mean uh you know you know so a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank okay uh like okay well like okay uh you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue you know okay okay well um uh I mean like to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them uh okay well so like um uh I mean it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one I mean uh um um so well um uh of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our so okay you know okay like so you know I mean space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York okay okay okay so well uh I mean well Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on the uh well so you know so so um I mean bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up in you know well you know well like I mean you know like a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7. I'm I mean I mean uh you know so um so so a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two very uh uh you know um I mean so like I mean close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we're all okay like I mean um uh I mean uh uh very different people but we get along like great and the thing is what's well you know I mean well okay uh well I mean interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different you know uh um um um so uh you know ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like like uh uh like like I mean you know well makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead so uh um okay like like well um and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion like well like you know okay well I mean so because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is uh okay I mean uh okay well well um Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know you know well um uh well I mean well so why I made there be so many words in explaining what it okay okay um like I mean well um um is, but I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season um so you know um so okay I mean uh one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote well I mean so uh well um uh you know misbehaving which is sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of I mean so I mean uh I mean you know well I mean them did murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
