6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start okay you know you know like so so you know um well brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush okay um well I mean um I mean you know um so too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different well like so I mean I mean uh um okay um heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most well so um I mean okay um well okay well powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia so I mean well um well so so uh okay called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and um okay I mean um you know uh so okay um could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real uh so like okay um like I mean so well good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to I mean uh um so you know um uh you know like do with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the okay okay so okay uh um like okay so man on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director um you know so well uh I mean okay like so of marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I uh uh like uh you know uh um well well know Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, so I mean okay uh um well I mean like I mean but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am like you know so okay okay well like well uh I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct um well well uh so so so you know so. So true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about uh okay like well I mean so you know like okay the middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I I mean okay so uh like like I mean I mean okay lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made okay um well I mean so um so okay you know sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports like so you know you know well okay uh I mean like or to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range well like so uh okay well uh okay so of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine well okay um okay uh well so like okay playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been like uh so well uh um well so uh a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've you know uh so so well I mean um you know okay gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on well you know I mean so well okay well like okay the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways okay okay I mean well you know okay uh so so ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting okay you know um um you know uh like um well down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back um okay I mean okay like well well so you know to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles I mean like okay so you know okay well uh so was only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg you know uh I mean you know um okay okay I mean I mean open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan like okay like so I mean well you know I mean I mean with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports I mean um you know so uh okay um so like events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special well um um so like um okay okay so. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals um I mean uh you know like uh you know um okay of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the well I mean um so okay uh well like okay podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason um well well like you know like um well um he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a I mean like um okay um well I mean so I mean little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're uh like uh like like um I mean uh I mean going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling well like well you know well well um so you know with pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this I mean I mean you know like like you know so I mean okay episode is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, I mean well okay I mean okay so like um um you may get a call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must like you know um uh uh so well uh well stop what we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So well like um like so well so like I mean you guys are swept that is this If is this the quad point is this you know uh like well so uh so I mean well or we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has like I mean uh I mean well okay like I mean well the makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's well uh um I mean I mean you know like well um just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I uh you know like um like you know like okay so it's been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment so like I mean so okay I mean okay so well on let's get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before so I mean you know uh um like uh so uh structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think I mean so okay like like like well you know well duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to well um um okay you know so uh so well do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a okay um I mean so so you know you know I mean I mean huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the uh like like well uh I mean I mean like uh show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of well uh I mean so like well like like okay proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many you know like so um well okay I mean so okay good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to like you know I mean um uh um um I mean okay start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy um uh you know like like um like I mean like. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement um so so uh like well um well uh games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog okay like I mean so I mean um uh okay you know trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and I mean I mean um uh um I mean um you know uh gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but beware uh okay like um so um you know um so the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat kill so okay you know um so um so you know so kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone um um I mean um well so um um so who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at you know I mean you know so okay uh like I mean okay the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm uh well you know I mean so uh like like um trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a um well you know um so okay um okay I mean wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's like you know so okay uh um okay you know so because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water so so you know um well I mean um I mean like pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going uh well like like like okay like so I mean to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We okay like like so I mean so okay like well we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? well like okay uh you know well okay okay you know I'm on one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised uh so um uh so okay um like um this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive well uh uh you know well you know like um you know. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It okay like you know um I mean okay you know uh well was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming like well uh you know okay um like so uh rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It you know uh um so um you know I mean like you know was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in I mean uh uh so so um um okay um the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his uh you know well like okay I mean uh uh well gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath well well uh okay I mean okay you know um I mean the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode is I mean so like well like like I mean um you know going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part in the um okay okay like so well okay uh like human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to be okay you know like okay I mean like so well um speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has okay you know um you know I mean well so like you know infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We uh you know so um you know uh uh okay um are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's well you know I mean well um okay uh like um where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor you know I mean you know well you know so um I mean um is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you so uh uh I mean you know I mean um okay like know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and uh I mean I mean um well so so like uh edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest well uh uh okay like you know well okay well friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and so I mean I mean you know well like like uh okay that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where well well well so well okay okay I mean I mean we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going I mean okay um okay you know okay well you know you know from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the uh um so you know okay you know uh um I mean ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years okay um I mean so you know well you know so uh. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through well um you know I mean I mean like um uh so and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived okay like you know well well so you know um I mean in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just so well well I mean like well uh I mean I mean like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told you know like you know uh uh so um I mean okay I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines um well uh okay like like well uh like underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was you know okay um okay okay I mean uh well like powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and so so uh I mean you know you know you know okay uh push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better I mean like so I mean well uh I mean uh well in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you okay uh I mean uh um like um like you know more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up um you know uh um well I mean you know you know okay. Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active well like well you know I mean like uh you know um Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on well okay okay so like like uh I mean uh that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who well you know uh I mean like like like you know I mean showed a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the you know well okay well um I mean well I mean you know trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do I mean uh uh so like uh so you know uh with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a I mean uh like you know like you know you know I mean well podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life so uh um uh uh so um uh okay and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you well you know okay so okay like okay um okay stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of um well I mean okay like well um like like the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So um um uh so well you know like well um if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make um okay um you know I mean I mean um well well sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your well so um like okay um okay so uh friends your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it I mean I mean I mean well you know um so well so to them and I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of so so I mean like well like well I mean uh more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. This I mean uh like well I mean you know um you know uh is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up okay like I mean you know um okay like you know so Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think you know well I mean you know so so you know well like I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We like okay so well um well um you know you know are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know I mean I mean well uh okay so like well like that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may I mean I mean well okay like um uh so like look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that okay well you know so okay well like like so they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna you know like okay so so um okay um like guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a well okay okay you know uh I mean okay well well podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free so I mean um well so I mean you know well like app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need um uh you know you know I mean you know so uh so is an idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything so well like I mean well you know like uh I mean you need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right uh you know you know I mean so I mean okay um uh from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over okay uh um okay like you know well I mean you know to Anchor FM to get started. In this episode we look at very simple uh okay like so okay um like okay like things. You can do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get okay okay so well I mean you know so you know um excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese I mean so well like you know so uh um so made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for like like like you know like okay I mean okay um spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be I mean so okay okay so uh so like I mean the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing so well uh okay well well like well um this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm well okay so like um you know okay I mean like Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins like so so um uh you know um okay okay and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun so so you know you know you know I mean I mean okay like not just don't send him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with like well uh okay um uh you know uh uh a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz uh um um well okay well well you know like I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do uh well I mean so uh um um um uh see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some um like like uh well so uh well I mean things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a um um like okay you know like okay so like comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile I mean um uh okay well okay like so you know device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at you know um uh um uh I mean um um okay home. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and uh well okay you know you know okay okay you know so you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have you know well well uh I mean like I mean I mean like to do it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode well um well I mean well well so you know um you publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to like um okay okay well okay okay I mean uh and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for um I mean um uh you know okay okay like so Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your you know um I mean so I mean I mean well I mean I mean mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk okay uh um like well okay um uh like about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen okay okay I mean you know like I mean like I mean I mean Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen like okay uh so well um um okay I mean Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind and um well uh um well uh you know I mean I mean deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and okay um I mean I mean like um um so well quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't you know so okay so so so so um uh learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case like okay I mean um okay um I mean uh so we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that you know so um you know um so I mean so like. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We like I mean um uh so so so like well couldn't have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because well okay well um you know uh you know I mean I mean It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% so so well well okay like you know uh you know of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to I mean uh well well like okay okay like I mean tell ya but the the it was still funny. I got some messages about um well okay you know um okay so I mean so that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March um okay okay you know I mean um uh um like 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games and I mean well uh so well okay um well well entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites well uh so uh like so uh okay so all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. I'm uh I mean well okay okay okay I mean I mean you know Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy but okay um uh okay you know okay I mean you know well what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in um so you know you know you know uh okay I mean like the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you know like so I mean um like well uh well you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again okay you know um okay okay you know you know uh um for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the um I mean you know like okay you know um uh uh show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber well uh uh well okay like well uh so the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be I mean you know okay um like um so okay you know born as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and you know uh I mean uh I mean like I mean uh like a deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the uh um like so um um you know you know okay weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do like like like so like uh like okay um this evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors like so uh you know like um so well okay and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will um I mean you know uh uh like um okay so fall your cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about like like I mean well um so well I mean I mean those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you know you know so I mean you know like okay like you know you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We like you know uh so okay you know like you know okay hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our well well uh like so uh like okay uh podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're okay so like well um well okay you know like trying to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some uh okay so um um like well you know well stories going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be uh you know um so I mean uh okay okay you know doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric um you know you know uh so okay okay you know um case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us you know well like okay uh okay um you know you know past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right you know you know okay like okay uh well like um track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's well you know like like um um um um uh something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit like I mean uh so so okay I mean you know I mean it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can well well like like okay well I mean I mean so enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor uh like you know well I mean so um well well the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their okay so I mean okay uh like you know you know so creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone okay you know you know okay I mean uh you know well so or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it okay you know well you know well uh um well well can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really well okay I mean well I mean well I mean well uh imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's so you know so so I mean like um so um everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app. So like I mean so so you know well you know I mean like guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to you know so um I mean you know well you know like like get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are uh you know um so okay like I mean uh okay glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just you know you know uh uh like okay so like like having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today well um um like uh like I mean I mean well. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London I mean you know uh so um you know um uh so City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going you know I mean uh like you know okay like well you know to win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for okay I mean um I mean I mean I mean well you know uh the Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, uh so um okay like so so well I mean well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a like well like uh okay um okay okay uh whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it okay so okay okay so okay like I mean I mean. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm well so you know I mean okay like okay like okay just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this like um so uh well uh okay um uh weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first so I mean so I mean so well okay uh uh game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick I mean okay okay like so well uh I mean okay minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard you know okay um you know um like uh you know okay about anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me okay okay I mean I mean so I mean so you know like explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right well I mean you know I mean uh okay well you know well from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it um you know like I mean I mean um uh uh so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make uh you know well um um so like well well money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys like okay um well you know okay uh well I mean it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the well I mean you know like so okay you know you know okay free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back um uh I mean uh uh you know I mean um okay to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all you know I mean so well well like like so I mean of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium well you know okay um uh I mean so you know well account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you know so so okay uh uh so uh uh you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes well you know I mean you know I mean I mean well so well to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with uh um like you know uh well like um well your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to um I mean so so okay um like uh I mean download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts well I mean um um okay like I mean I mean uh in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So I mean um um uh um I mean okay you know okay you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily like so okay I mean you know um you know so okay episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by um like so you know you know well uh uh so John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please okay uh like you know okay you know so well I mean find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health I mean um uh well okay I mean you know um like. I get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take so um so um you know um well I mean uh this opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions okay well like uh well you know you know I mean you know. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, you know I mean you know I mean um so you know um you know we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my so um so um okay like uh well well journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's um so uh uh so you know um you know like time to become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike like you know you know I mean like I mean okay so so Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're you know uh okay like um I mean okay you know like going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I am ready um okay like so um uh you know so um to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has just been you know um you know so like I mean well so so arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me at all um so so well like so um um so then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she was guilty get I mean I mean uh okay like okay um you know you know. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it. We have well okay um well I mean like you know okay I mean been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to justice for like well uh um okay I mean um like um what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to so okay okay well you know uh I mean uh so do with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind um um well so okay you know I mean like so of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay um like you know we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m you know you know like like you know like okay well uh which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that uh uh um okay you know uh well uh okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor you know so well like um well like I mean okay will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple you know you know I mean okay okay like uh you know so pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast you know you know um I mean well so I mean you know well with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you know you know well uh okay uh um you know I mean you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's well well uh you know like um like uh so worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do like so okay you know okay you know you know like um not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to so I mean so well you know uh I mean okay so make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to you know like uh okay okay okay okay so um Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the uh uh well okay you know I mean uh um um one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of so um um okay okay I mean I mean I mean like the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters I mean you know uh well okay so I mean I mean uh were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on so okay you know um well well um I mean you know confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally I mean I mean okay I mean so you know you know um you know have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the uh uh you know so like so okay you know uh Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I okay you know uh well okay I mean so you know you know stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make I mean well I mean well uh I mean well you know like sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have uh like you know I mean you know like I mean I mean I mean TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have random well so you know you know you know like well well like Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig so I mean like so so uh okay well like it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it well um well like like okay like like you know may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we well you know like I mean well well so uh like went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most so um well I mean so so so okay so Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and you know well so um okay like so you know okay we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research you know you know you know uh you know uh okay you know uh in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you okay you know uh I mean okay uh well so so live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is uh so you know uh so I mean okay okay I mean you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted so uh you know I mean you know um um okay okay to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this so okay like uh well like so um so to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you you know okay um like so like okay uh I mean listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind like okay you know uh uh well well you know like of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our I mean like so I mean like so uh like um hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry um so well okay I mean uh like like so last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing experiences okay okay you know uh well you know um uh you know anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go first so so like I mean like you know okay like well because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as I mean so okay so um um okay well like polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga I mean like um I mean um you know okay like like one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will okay um I mean well okay well you know so you know we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this like okay well I mean okay so uh um okay is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how um I mean I mean I mean you know okay well um okay long were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on the drag come? uh well uh so okay well okay like um Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is like well um um um okay like so you know good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at this cover I mean so you know uh so I mean uh um well. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know what? No joke, uh uh uh I mean um well okay you know okay this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- well like uh okay okay well I mean uh uh L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here you know uh uh so you know well I mean uh well for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the 2020 uh okay uh okay so I mean I mean like um season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is your I mean so I mean I mean I mean I mean like so okay off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? like so well uh you know uh I mean um so Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off uh so um I mean okay um so uh okay and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time uh so like you know um uh I mean so you know. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, I mean so you know you know I mean so so like uh and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason uh you know you know like uh uh I mean um I mean game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like well so you know you know so so so so um what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was just so so you know um I mean I mean uh um uh like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real back in uh um you know okay so so okay okay well the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you like uh okay you know so I mean uh well like guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your okay well I mean so I mean well well um um favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account uh okay I mean you know I mean well like well like necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're so uh well um you know uh so well I mean listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss so um you know you know uh like um okay uh an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if uh you know uh uh well um so like like you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter like you know um I mean well so I mean like so where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the uh you know you know like uh well like um well Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library you know I mean okay I mean I mean uh like uh you know Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of well like well you know um I mean like like I mean which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily um so so so uh well okay um so episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast with so so like um um okay you know you know so your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this like like okay so so like I mean um um episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially so like I mean uh uh um uh well I mean the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle like um um like I mean um uh um um as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This okay uh well okay uh like well so I mean is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into the podcast I mean well you know so um uh um I mean uh and then I realized that we have a little bit of a new setup here okay well okay uh I mean I mean like like I mean and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the set up so so uh so okay I mean I mean um um and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll uh so well um well so so well I mean say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you know you know um uh okay um like uh okay you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's you know uh you know uh you know you know well like so up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people okay so okay you know I mean I mean so so uh watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your like um you know okay okay uh like you know you know normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient. Timothy okay like uh I mean you know like you know um like Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die well so I mean so um well um you know like in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to so you know I mean so well like well uh so today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes um you know you know like you know okay well uh so. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're so you know I mean well I mean okay like um you know discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed well like uh well um uh okay so uh the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm pretty you know so uh uh okay okay okay like well energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to Bluestone okay okay okay okay like um like uh um College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the internet well well uh I mean I mean you know I mean I mean so and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So like uh um you know okay like um well okay very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm like uh you know okay like uh okay you know like putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to well I mean well okay like I mean uh I mean well give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running you know well okay um okay you know so okay well a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on uh well I mean I mean um well so okay well iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a I mean okay I mean okay like I mean I mean you know I mean draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual I mean you know okay well like you know okay well I mean Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your okay okay I mean you know well I mean I mean well okay host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and I mean so um you know I mean um I mean like so awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories uh okay okay okay um okay you know so um and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience well okay like okay well uh so uh so. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing uh I mean so I mean well um I mean okay okay energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So well well uh uh like you know um uh I mean it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to uh uh well uh well I mean like okay you know have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement on okay well you know I mean okay so so okay like my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt I mean um like like you know like okay so um. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The uh I mean so um you know well okay you know I mean top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive like like I mean so like uh I mean uh so. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off I mean okay so uh uh okay I mean like so too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly okay like I mean well like uh okay um I mean assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on so well you know so uh okay well um I mean make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I um um um okay okay like like you know okay don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm okay um well uh okay you know uh you know well gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out so like um you know you know um um uh so my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding I mean uh so okay well I mean well okay so all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we just I mean I mean okay so um you know you know like well say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere you know like well I mean uh like um well I mean light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get you know okay okay I mean okay okay I mean um well in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good uh okay um you know so you know okay well like escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you like like so okay so like so uh you know see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here uh um so like like uh okay well you know to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and so um okay you know um you know I mean you know you know advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the so you know you know um okay uh I mean like okay industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll well okay okay well like okay uh you know okay be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean like you know I mean well uh so I mean so uh Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to um like okay so uh uh like you know okay my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a you know okay so so well like I mean okay like podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I like I mean so you know like I mean like okay you know just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under um well uh like I mean uh um like well the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor well um well uh I mean I mean so like so if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make so well uh uh um you know uh so I mean all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a um like I mean well like I mean like I mean uh podcast. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% so okay okay like you know like um like I mean free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation uh you know uh um uh I mean like so okay tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your so okay so you know uh so so like like phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be uh I mean you know you know okay um okay like okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you okay uh okay so you know well so you know I mean can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start like I mean okay well I mean uh uh so like monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need well well um like okay um okay okay well to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or well okay you know so well so like um so go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out um you know uh well I mean you know I mean okay you know in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm you know okay you know I mean so okay so so I mean not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing um well well you know okay I mean well I mean so that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's you know okay uh so I mean I mean uh okay um bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick well you know um well like uh um I mean like up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle I mean like well um I mean I mean so you know like killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back to well so um okay so like um so so another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have had so uh I mean well I mean well like um okay a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of solely if um like like um you know uh so you know like you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear more of history's uh well I mean you know uh well I mean okay I mean most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You can hear you know um well you know okay you know so well okay the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today in the meantime like I mean well like so okay so okay um enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you well okay uh um so you know well I mean okay indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man is who he uh so you know I mean you know okay like you know you know thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who like I mean uh you know well like okay I mean so has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He is you know well um so um uh um well so of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for I mean uh you know um like okay I mean I mean I mean three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of you know I mean I mean you know well you know uh so okay being six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, so well uh uh you know like like okay okay I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best okay uh uh okay like um like uh so low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll like like like you know like well so okay uh kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the like you know so you know you know well you know well well last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine like like you know uh I mean I mean like well I mean killing for all those years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave okay okay okay like well okay uh um okay me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his like uh well I mean uh I mean uh I mean um career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm not racist I mean okay like well um you know okay so well today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're you know okay okay I mean well you know like um um here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our okay so okay uh okay well like um okay conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay okay okay okay so you know um okay so uh. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience so uh you know okay you know you know I mean so okay like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it and uh I mean I mean I mean um okay uh you know uh yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor so um um well you know I mean um well um get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain you know you know I mean like I mean okay uh uh like. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation so well uh like uh you know you know um like tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your okay well I mean I mean okay I mean you know so you know computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we do it like uh well um like I mean well I mean you know. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So okay okay okay um like I mean like uh like it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and so so you know okay well I mean well like um you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to okay okay okay so uh you know you know um you know make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the free anchor app or I mean um well uh well like like I mean well go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun solar I mean you know well so you know you know well um you know panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify uh uh so I mean you know I mean uh um I mean. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what you can find all your well okay well so uh well you know well I mean favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other well you know you know uh you know um well uh well podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, you know like I mean so you know uh um uh um it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To well you know I mean you know I mean like well um okay another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain I mean uh um okay okay like so like well about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, you know like like like you know okay well okay I mean let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? like uh like well uh you know uh so well You know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro um um like like well so you know you know like. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to I mean like uh you know so uh uh so okay talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this uh okay um um okay um you know well you know is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can um you know I mean okay so uh I mean you know well tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to uh uh I mean well like well okay so um get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, so so uh so like um um uh like oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to so um so like um well you know so you know talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's uh so well like um you know okay you know so not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films um uh like like um okay well you know uh podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my so you know you know you know okay well like so like God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify uh so so I mean um I mean like I mean so on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one so uh so like I mean um uh okay like place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great because okay uh um like you know you know so I mean you know let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So uh so uh like um I mean like well I mean with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can well um like I mean you know like well uh well share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can like I mean okay you know so you know uh I mean you know even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're okay um so like so uh like well uh like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually uh okay well so like well I mean well I mean useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your well you know okay so you know I mean um well well favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make well uh okay um uh so um um uh sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living I mean I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay I mean um advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of I mean I mean okay like so okay uh well um optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out so I mean um uh you know uh so uh so mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of um well I mean well I mean well okay I mean well thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds okay I mean okay okay okay like uh okay like who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and so I mean so I mean so so okay uh well side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest um I mean okay um well um you know uh so way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves free things I mean uh so well like you know uh like um. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free things. So I mean you know I mean um I mean you know I mean so you know there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own well um okay um I mean um you know like you know podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for like I mean so well well so I mean you know okay you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way uh uh well so like I mean um okay like people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast with no minimum well well I mean like you know you know like well uh listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the like so well uh well well okay like you know free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone you know well so well you know well okay I mean like Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast I mean um so you know I mean uh uh I mean well for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey uh okay okay so like like I mean uh like towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget I mean so um so um I mean well um uh to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back I mean okay like so uh um so okay okay in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking you know like so you know like like um um so paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about the speaking I mean like okay I mean so so okay well well paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as we okay I mean I mean you know like like okay uh I mean breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You you know well okay so uh I mean so um I mean come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and you uh okay like uh you know you know I mean like well fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my uh I mean um well I mean so uh I mean um breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life kissing um like like okay like so uh so okay my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the mountains I mean like um um you know uh okay I mean well kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast like okay well well you know so I mean okay like. I really appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot well well I mean I mean um um so I mean I mean out of studying the Bible in this way by looking at the literal sense uh you know well like I mean well I mean um so of the text, which is something we don't often talk about enough, but so well like um well okay uh um uh we need to we need to talk about it more and today we're looking at well okay well so I mean I mean you know like so. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really uh you know okay um um like well you know well so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter uh uh you know so you know um um uh okay and James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain um uh I mean like I mean uh um okay um where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today uh you know uh um well I mean you know so like as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You so okay well um well um okay you know uh just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I uh like okay uh well uh so I mean um knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this like okay so well well I mean you know um like episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation okay well okay you know well um I mean okay uh where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are so okay um okay like like um you know uh available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week um you know I mean um um you know well well like. We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World I mean okay you know okay well okay I mean uh um be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really um um um I mean you know uh um so like excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about the original book I mean um so uh well okay uh like you know theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts you know I mean um um okay okay you know okay I mean and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want like well well I mean um okay well well uh to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet along with us. You okay uh like okay um um I mean like so can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the conversation love our like I mean I mean uh okay um well okay you know blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying around donate to block um okay um like like like um um I mean us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't um like you know you know okay like like so you know know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by so uh I mean you know um um like um I mean the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make you know okay uh well you know uh um so um a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people you know um I mean I mean you know you know like um so have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their like uh you know uh um I mean well like like podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it okay I mean like like okay like uh okay like. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? so well well like uh um like well um Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank so like um um I mean you know I mean you know well you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, keep uh okay I mean um well so you know I mean um them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you you know well so okay like okay uh you know I mean and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so well so I mean so okay so well like so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of you know you know well you know so okay um you know okay so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening to you know so I mean you know um so um uh well the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind okay um like okay okay I mean so okay you know. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right. So so I mean okay like okay uh like you know so let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John okay okay um I mean like um like like um. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals well um like so I mean well okay so like and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums okay uh I mean um you know well like I mean I mean. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do like okay well well okay uh uh okay so a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so this will like you know so well um okay I mean uh you know be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So like I mean well like okay like okay well you know I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for like uh uh I mean I mean I mean well you know like almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most I mean um uh you know I mean like you know okay I mean of my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year I mean uh like I mean uh okay you know so like ago. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid well well like uh like like um you know I mean. And so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler so you know I mean like I mean well so um I mean with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina like well I mean like uh I mean I mean so uh Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to like so okay okay like I mean you know um you know wear that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a um um uh so um like so uh um lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to uh okay I mean so you know so uh um like traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the um like you know you know well so like well like morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball so uh well okay okay okay um um like game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game you know like you know like okay you know uh uh okay. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove I mean so well so uh so so uh so to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back uh I mean well I mean uh um uh you know I mean to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do okay so like well well so uh you know um not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their uh well um uh like okay okay uh I mean more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode um you know I mean like um like okay I mean okay 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually happening I mean well uh well I mean so I mean you know like here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is okay okay like I mean you know you know um well I mean a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, like um you know you know um uh I mean uh like Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of so uh um uh I mean uh so I mean I mean age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's okay like so well okay uh okay I mean I mean health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really um you know well like well you know okay like okay cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at so you know like so okay I mean like I mean uh Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to this um okay you know uh you know I mean you know I mean like episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today is so like so okay uh um okay like like singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine so I mean okay um well well okay uh so. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today you know okay you know okay well okay okay you know uh. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in 2008 okay you know like so like uh so like so. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from Los you know I mean you know uh well so you know um um Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this was well like you know like like like um um um special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting so so you know um I mean okay I mean like okay your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor um uh okay uh um um like well well it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free so so I mean like well uh uh um like. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to record you know uh okay uh I mean okay I mean okay uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just that easy I mean uh um I mean you know like so I mean um anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify um so so you know so I mean okay like so Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms you know well I mean you know uh uh I mean well well all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you know um um okay like uh like uh so you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to like uh uh like okay um so so uh make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor app or well so you know uh like like like so well go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in so uh well you know well um okay you know uh a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you uh um well well I mean so okay well you know that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we okay well okay I mean you know like so uh I mean did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it uh I mean you know okay so I mean I mean uh uh is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always um well so like um um okay uh okay so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am uh okay like I mean like well um uh okay also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes so you know okay um like you know okay well okay around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and um you know so uh um I mean so uh I mean excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher so well okay um okay um okay so you know award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this I mean so okay you know you know uh you know well um because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as uh you know uh you know uh um so you know well well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you I mean um so um okay uh uh um well. I was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism so I mean you know like um well so like um right in front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading like okay you know well like well so uh so the rules again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use okay so um you know okay so like okay well the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix I mean well uh so well you know uh I mean like the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than uh okay um so I mean okay I mean I mean um traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a um you know so uh I mean you know you know you know so great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could uh uh um uh okay uh you know you know I mean see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is uh okay I mean uh uh I mean like you know um Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode uh um okay um um you know okay so like and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm well well well well uh so uh I mean I mean going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm so um so uh uh so you know you know you know trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film like well uh well like like uh you know I mean and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to like I mean like like I mean I mean you know okay well put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about well I mean I mean you know okay well you know okay okay in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am so uh like well well uh okay okay you know a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards um like like uh you know um uh okay well the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with so okay so like uh uh okay uh like the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's you know well uh like you know uh I mean um um basically what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I you know uh you know okay okay um um so like use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never so I mean I mean um well um you know like um have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat so like okay I mean you know well so like you know your fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy I mean I mean you know okay um uh well okay so this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh and I mean so uh I mean um uh like you know you know I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise like um well um I mean um like I mean like known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you um I mean okay well like okay like um um. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino um okay I mean well okay I mean like I mean okay tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call I mean you know um okay okay you know uh uh so me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like to um like you know um like you know so okay um pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and um like you know okay uh well okay okay okay a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they surged I mean um okay I mean well okay like you know so about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if you like like uh um okay uh like um okay wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going to try I mean okay like um so uh well so um to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over there. So uh you know I mean well um I mean um I mean um I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation for okay I mean uh okay like so um you know like everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond so okay you know well well okay okay okay uh industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and I mean uh um you know um um like well so none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily you know okay uh I mean I mean okay uh so so that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a uh um so well um okay I mean um um few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one well you know like um you know so okay like you know year one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that uh you know you know um um I mean you know um so Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US well so um you know so okay okay like well Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than so I mean um uh well uh well okay uh they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet well I mean like you know uh um uh like I mean sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of okay well okay um uh well um you know well seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created so so you know well uh like okay uh so an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community you know so like well you know so well you know you know here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way okay um okay so so well I mean um uh and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance okay uh um you know I mean you know okay I mean I mean and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller um well you know like like so uh well I mean. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning uh um uh well I mean well like like uh all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are so so like so um you know you know uh I mean going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used uh um like well I mean okay like you know well with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for okay I mean well you know you know like I mean like um another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I you know um well uh you know like um um so want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English um so um okay okay like um uh well teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers uh okay okay well you know so well okay you know of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those so um well okay uh so okay you know well militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast so well well I mean um like so uh I mean. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed Jean well I mean like you know so uh you know you know okay Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo um well um um you know I mean um okay you know the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude I mean so I mean you know I mean uh so so um career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski like okay like well so so um so you know bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it well um so you know I mean um okay okay like did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, so um well I mean okay you know um you know well March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because uh well I mean uh uh I mean you know like um it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've so you know like uh well uh you know okay okay been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to uh okay you know well so you know I mean I mean like the theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in you know like uh like I mean okay like okay um the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on you know I mean uh okay so well okay um you know to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the okay uh uh so so so so like okay link. This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going I mean um like well okay um you know okay um to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you okay like um you know okay um well you know uh to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You like so okay I mean I mean you know so you know you know need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need like you know like uh you know you know well okay you know to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I like I mean I mean so I mean you know so like okay have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and I mean uh I mean so so you know okay okay okay then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is okay okay well you know well you know like okay so Series 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got well I mean you know you know um I mean okay I mean uh some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope okay like like uh okay okay like well um you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for I mean um um I mean okay like okay you know like the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message I mean okay well okay you know uh so I mean like because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted you know I mean um well I mean so so well so to quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to well you know uh I mean well you know like um so people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors so like okay well you know you know so okay okay. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring in okay uh so I mean like I mean uh um um a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality so like okay so you know I mean uh okay I mean disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host I mean like like I mean well um so okay okay for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast you know well so okay uh I mean I mean so um which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical I mean okay I mean like so you know like like um intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them well so well I mean uh well I mean I mean okay. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've you know okay um okay you know um like like you know got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland. We're so okay you know uh well well so uh uh going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the athletes you coach so I mean like uh uh um I mean you know you know the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from from uh you know uh okay um um like I mean um Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the quality of some I mean like you know so I mean I mean well um so of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted like okay okay okay like I mean like well so to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way so you know um you know I mean like you know you know um to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as okay you know um um you know well well like like you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted so you know um you know uh like I mean um so and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget so uh well okay like I mean I mean so um before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet like I mean so like like um you know um uh been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made uh well like so uh so okay you know I mean to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the you know well you know so so like uh I mean um department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will so okay so okay I mean you know like I mean you know be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected those well you know like so you know well so I mean I mean we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional Research into Blackfoot so um so like uh well you know like like traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across sources are um well um you know I mean you know like I mean well myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope you'll enjoy okay um uh um like like um uh well them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to lose you know well I mean you know well like uh like so the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night. He was filthy well you know so you know like okay you know so uh hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows you know I mean so um um you know so um okay foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf okay I mean I mean you know well well like um you know and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the uh um um um so um like um like global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is you know you know so so well you know like okay okay an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing you know you know I mean well so so so okay like the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics okay well so I mean um so um well so welcoming you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and okay like so okay uh so so okay well I'm thrilled to be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my okay so like okay you know well like um um mother Amy and I took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake so like well well uh uh well so so of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so okay um uh like so you know I mean so well I wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a well like like I mean uh um like I mean so huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man like uh like I mean well I mean well okay I mean 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best the uh I mean well uh okay okay okay well well number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and I mean okay um um um you know well like um podcast landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest okay uh okay so so like you know like so supporters of Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, okay well so well like I mean okay so you know we figured we just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of well uh well okay you know um like um like changing as far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the uh I mean I mean like so well okay okay um the luck ran out of the money song that that one money song that we've like I mean I mean I mean uh okay well okay okay been using boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN so you know well um you know uh so okay like of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and um uh um you know like um um uh like a Cheyenne. I have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out uh like uh so uh okay I mean okay so and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual okay okay um like well like well like uh. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a like so like so you know well uh uh so because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly um well uh so so well I mean um um slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T so uh okay so okay like so like okay show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series okay I mean um so well so um well you know we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you so like so like okay so um well you know guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making okay you know I mean you know well so uh um um this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and uh so well um so you know I mean like you know 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, like okay I mean like well uh I mean well well the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of okay so uh uh well um well well um is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his so like uh I mean you know you know you know okay um base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television you know well you know like you know well so so well and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to uh well you know uh I mean uh you know you know okay work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an so well um uh you know like uh like I mean hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be um okay uh um I mean you know okay like I mean directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our so well you know I mean so okay okay uh you know work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color you know okay like um you know I mean like uh um but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's I mean you know well okay okay uh um okay so a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color you know I mean okay um so um well like okay from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your I mean you know you know okay okay uh like you know uh One Stop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking so um I mean you know so um okay you know like news coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy so you know well well okay okay um you know like. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks I mean uh uh well uh okay well um I mean that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his okay uh you know okay well um uh I mean um fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say is um I mean okay well okay uh okay like like hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it I mean um uh well I mean uh like you know I mean. We this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups like well I mean um I mean like um you know uh or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling like you know uh um you know I mean I mean uh okay and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um like you know I mean you know like I mean well I mean Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything better uh well uh um I mean you know you know you know I mean at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit you know um you know well okay I mean you know you know so your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also you know well okay so you know uh you know like so distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and um okay so I mean you know well you know uh okay many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum uh uh uh you know okay um um I mean you know listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free well well I mean uh you know like okay so so anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored uh um okay you know um I mean so so so on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be like you know okay you know like okay um so you know immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but uh you know okay I mean um so uh like so four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a so um uh like I mean uh uh uh I mean few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And I mean well like I mean uh like well okay I mean this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the uh well so I mean okay I mean I mean okay well beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother well um um so um okay okay I mean uh 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the I mean okay well um okay so you know so um following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, well I mean you know you know uh well okay well I mean let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March so like well you know well you know okay well I mean baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener okay um well uh you know uh so well I mean discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Maura okay I mean uh well well um okay like um stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him like I mean uh okay I mean uh uh so uh to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car well okay well uh um like um uh well door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across um so well like you know so I mean uh you know the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But uh I mean well so like like well I mean uh his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and uh well so you know you know okay uh I mean uh sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face um okay okay like like okay okay okay okay and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the so um like like like um like so okay body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, we're what like like okay so I mean well like like so lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like so I mean I mean I mean like you know you know okay like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, um uh okay um you know uh like you know you know you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked uh so okay like okay like you know okay okay about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say well uh you know you know well like uh well like yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen uh well um like you know okay okay I mean okay. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, you know you know um you know uh uh like well um right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind like well okay like you know okay so well uh of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take okay so you know I mean uh okay so so well time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if so I mean well like you know so uh okay uh you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed okay so well like so like like um um that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had um uh well you know you know you know well well um dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt um like so uh uh so well uh so Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue you know uh um so uh okay so like you know that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she well like like you know uh okay like well okay talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as okay um uh so uh so well you know well a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana uh so like okay so well so uh well for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving so so well um okay like I mean um you know wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously uh uh uh you know um okay um um okay spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to you know uh well I mean so like like like so kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow well I mean okay like like um like well uh dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older you know um I mean well well so I mean okay uh children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other well you know uh well well I mean okay uh uh elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually I mean uh like so you know okay um well I mean closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment okay like you know so okay you know you know well I mean in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to uh so you know uh okay uh well uh you know six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 uh okay you know like like you know okay you know well 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these so okay um I mean I mean I mean you know okay okay are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism um uh uh so well like okay well well of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying well I mean well uh I mean I mean you know okay uh healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like uh okay I mean well I mean like like um so to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board uh okay I mean well I mean uh um you know like certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 I mean so okay so well so well I mean you know 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and I mean you know um so like well um okay I mean usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal you know like like so well you know so I mean um patients. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and like like I mean uh I mean uh um um uh to be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the so well so like you know um well so like easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uh so like you know you know you know I mean uh so uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay you know well uh well uh so well like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute well you know uh uh um so I mean you know um your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and um um uh well you know uh like like um many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and okay I mean well um so uh uh okay like it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free uh okay so um okay well uh um uh anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask um like like okay I mean well like okay like Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for like like you know um um uh I mean uh you know this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients you know I mean uh uh uh like uh I mean um and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast I mean you know okay uh well you know um okay so. So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you uh okay like like you know well uh like uh about my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off you know you know okay like okay you know like you know so it's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh um okay well okay well well um I mean from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually you know uh you know I mean like um you know you know uh recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for okay so like okay well well well uh so Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts so uh I mean you know like um well you know um like 12 others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of um okay like I mean like well like you know um challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience I mean like so okay so okay well like so experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along so uh like uh well um I mean like well you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have so like um um okay uh um you know uh you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began like you know I mean you know you know so you know I mean uh my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do you know like I mean uh okay well like well well it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely you know uh like okay like you know well okay well Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a fantastic um like well you know uh okay you know um I mean lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to bring her in um uh well I mean you know well you know you know okay today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling to lose so well okay like like like uh I mean like way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified to you know I mean I mean uh so um um well like talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth so you know I mean you know you know uh I mean so you know of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy you know you know so okay you know you know well well um. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of two well well well so so I mean uh so okay boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of so well well you know so so okay uh I mean days and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my I mean like um um well well I mean like like right is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up so like okay I mean uh uh like so like guys and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right like I mean um I mean um like uh like so is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with like okay so um I mean you know well I mean um if you can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And I mean well like well uh okay um um you know then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo I mean um so so I mean you know uh I mean so my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's so like um you know um okay um you know well good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do okay okay like you know uh okay uh uh like you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do um I mean uh uh okay I mean um like okay. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind um um I mean okay so okay I mean so so of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists like um uh so I mean you know I mean well like. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought um like well you know um um okay like uh you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself um you know you know okay I mean uh you know okay okay. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making okay like okay you know um well okay okay okay medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you I mean well like like so like you know like okay doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do I mean um uh so I mean so well uh so you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's uh uh so you know well um so you know so not much stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / so like so um well well like I mean so comeback kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the uh so like uh uh like I mean you know so where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking you know okay you know okay uh you know okay like um about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back like well okay like okay so well okay so in. Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back so okay you know so like I mean okay uh you know on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast you know I mean I mean well I mean like you know you know okay. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times uh you know um like well okay uh so uh by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I well so like so like um I mean you know like was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm well okay um uh I mean you know like like okay proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got uh so I mean uh I mean um like so uh me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the well so you know I mean okay I mean um well you know big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a you know um you know um you know so okay um um horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked um uh I mean so well okay um you know you know at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the so so well so so you know like um I mean u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify so okay like uh like I mean like okay well. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener you know I mean okay um well you know I mean uh I mean discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 pm you know you know you know I mean like okay well uh well. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were um uh um so uh okay um um okay clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and like so I mean okay uh okay okay well um we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the painting like well like um you know well I mean okay you know that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the so so like I mean like you know you know so I mean tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when okay uh you know I mean okay so um um um I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is brought okay I mean like well well like uh you know um to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me uh so well um well you know so so I mean paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to see well okay I mean well um uh so I mean well that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by okay so um so um so I mean like well layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon is 20 okay um you know I mean so so you know okay like in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class up well like like um um uh you know you know well to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether like you know um I mean you know okay uh well you know this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so I mean well you know I mean you know like well uh like much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining so okay I mean so you know uh uh you know um me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, uh well uh you know like so so I mean well excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is. It's a podcast you know I mean well um I mean um um um um presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked to folks from I mean I mean uh uh well like um um um the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we just uh um uh uh um so you know like uh kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is you know you know um so I mean uh uh like well the place you're going to want to head on over to you can find like I mean you know um you know I mean so um well us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty well okay okay uh uh so I mean like uh cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel um okay okay like you know um you know um well man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday I mean like I mean okay uh I mean so uh well was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got um you know I mean well okay uh um I mean uh with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now I mean so um uh okay okay I mean okay okay but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was I mean well like I mean like like so okay so on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't okay uh um okay I mean okay uh you know um if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that I mean I mean so I mean okay I mean so uh I mean sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't okay like so so um uh well you know so I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well okay you know I mean uh uh okay well uh me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and I mean I mean uh uh um okay uh so you know edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your you know um like well I mean you know well you know you know podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many okay like you know um you know you know you know well I mean more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you know well like so uh like okay I mean I mean need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a um well well um so well I mean I mean okay question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life so well okay um uh uh okay uh uh. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to well so uh like um I mean so um uh live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most I mean well you know well like like you know uh um people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it like uh okay um so okay you know like like seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind um okay well um so like um I mean I mean of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go like well I mean like like um like um okay Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon a time I mean um like well so uh you know uh you know in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an invitation well you know well uh I mean well okay like like to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due to uh uh like uh you know you know so um so the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a like uh uh well like so so like I mean frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred like like you know um um you know um you know okay seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the well you know I mean okay so I mean you know you know okay art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry um you know like I mean like you know I mean like so who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community you know um well so okay you know you know um you know that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you like well you know well you know okay so uh like up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with okay um uh so okay you know I mean I mean you know a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called so uh uh um like I mean like you know well you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? so like well um so you know like okay uh You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And um so okay like okay um okay like like yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business I mean I mean like like um um like uh okay name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership series you know uh you know you know okay um well like um for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat down with you know so you know so um so like uh like some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what makes okay uh like you know I mean um um um well them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's day like well I mean you know like like like well well. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's um so okay I mean like uh like like uh episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across I mean like well okay well you know um uh well the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the uh okay you know like um well like I mean well majority of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working okay uh like um you know okay I mean uh um with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie you know you know I mean um like you know you know I mean uh. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of okay well like so you know uh I mean you know okay TV talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new so so um you know like um so like so video new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show you know you know okay I mean um well well well um. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed um you know I mean well well like like like like with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my so so uh I mean like I mean well uh um immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you here well so uh well um I mean like um okay. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp well I mean okay like like okay well you know um. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for Paul's mom so you know you know so uh well okay I mean I mean who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the okay like I mean so like you know you know so like world. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host well um like I mean I mean so like well well other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start you know you know well uh okay okay I mean I mean like of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a like well well I mean okay you know okay uh uh big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the well well well um like well okay uh I mean premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over um okay okay like like like uh well like to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great like okay well uh so um I mean okay uh training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or so uh like so okay I mean okay you know so even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to um uh um so you know well well um okay our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace like like like okay I mean um so uh like your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast so um I mean I mean um like like you know well helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this uh um I mean um well so okay well um week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean like okay I mean I mean okay well you know uh so for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So okay so you know okay so well well like so we now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What I mean so um I mean uh you know um well you know is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide so well like um I mean you know like okay so. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time um um I mean um okay I mean um okay well we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even this physical like so okay so so okay uh okay so body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if you break okay like um uh like I mean well like uh down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into Small little okay I mean uh like like uh like well I mean Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They are a uh like okay I mean well like you know you know like form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The I mean uh like like you know um you know um so run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your okay okay I mean uh so okay like uh um training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the okay you know um okay I mean uh well I mean so questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the I mean well so well okay like um so um inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you uh um you know um like I mean okay okay uh ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, This podcast is you know okay so well okay okay um you know well for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal the secrets to okay uh you know uh okay I mean uh so uh Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is an um uh like you know I mean I mean well uh like aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, like distance like well um um well well uh okay um swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have you know you know I mean uh okay I mean you know uh I mean been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all um you know I mean okay well um well like um have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or um well uh I mean like okay so um like Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there like well I mean okay so okay you know so um are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to um so uh you know um um um you know um sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to like okay um I mean I mean uh like uh well sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, like I mean well I mean I mean you know so so so we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's um like so well okay you know like you know well the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports so um okay like well okay okay um I mean Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over okay well you know uh okay you know uh well well 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I like um so like I mean you know like okay uh was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly well uh um um okay like um okay uh. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author um I mean so well uh so like uh okay but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the okay you know um you know uh okay like well okay resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's like so you know okay uh uh like like you know basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm I mean okay uh so um like I mean well well gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope okay like like like so uh okay um um lady fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us I mean um so okay well uh I mean okay I mean that I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking uh okay you know okay uh okay like uh uh through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing okay okay like I mean like so okay um uh show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the um I mean um okay um well you know okay um inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and okay um you know uh well like so okay okay tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women all you know you know I mean I mean um um okay uh like over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a so well you know I mean you know like um um like different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard well okay like you know um okay like well so time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today okay um so you know okay well so uh I mean. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you uh well you know like okay so you know um okay achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's um you know like well well so uh uh well Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been I mean um um okay I mean so so I mean well for many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or okay I mean okay so so like like I mean so did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and you know so I mean okay so well you know okay well yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general like okay so like so um like well I mean and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope like okay um like well you know okay uh well y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced okay I mean well like well so I mean uh like Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash you know so I mean okay okay well okay like uh the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of um you know so uh uh so like like uh you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and like uh okay I mean uh uh okay like you know it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways you know you know um I mean um uh well well you know now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, like okay like so like I mean you know okay like great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something so uh well uh you know I mean you know okay I mean about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a well so okay so I mean you know like like you know skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are you know so so um well okay okay well um still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few so okay so I mean okay I mean like like like here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of it so well I mean okay um um uh so uh definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's a you know like so um um like you know okay okay lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your um um well well like uh well so okay podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around okay so so like uh well like I mean I mean hassle-free. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, well well like uh um like like okay well so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes uh like okay you know um okay uh um well. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and um so uh um well uh okay I mean so this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority uh okay you know you know okay so well so like in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there I mean um like so well uh like well like are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon. And uh like so you know um so okay you know um today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which I'll um okay so uh so I mean so well so basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about okay um so I mean like you know um okay okay for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about okay like okay you know so so well well so our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get I mean I mean um okay so you know so um I mean any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or I mean so like I mean like okay um so um reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of okay I mean uh okay uh um so you know well the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric well okay um I mean you know you know well um I mean McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan so um you know um okay uh like you know uh and he gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid I mean well I mean okay um like you know like I mean tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they uh like well like um you know you know well okay can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career well you know so like um okay um you know well how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and so uh I mean uh uh I mean so like like ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is like so so you know I mean so okay I mean uh a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for I mean you know um you know like okay you know uh well more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out at uh um okay um you know like well you know well Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at um so uh um okay um um I mean I mean Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So okay like so okay so like uh um well yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network like you know like well okay um I mean I mean well. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store you know uh um like like um um uh uh for you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation like I mean uh uh so uh um so like. We're going to talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with you know okay I mean well um you know well um uh me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew so like you know so well uh uh well well say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how I mean like like um like like uh I mean um we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about so um I mean okay uh uh so I mean I mean and me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would okay well uh like you know like um you know um be you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick you know like you know well okay you know so um well five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to like well so like um um I mean like like me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in I mean like you know so you know I mean you know I mean so the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps okay um uh uh well I mean okay I mean you know everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping so like you know you know so you know okay you know uh a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If I mean I mean okay so so well like like okay you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse so uh you know like so I mean um well well you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score so um you know uh like well like okay uh last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets like well I mean I mean uh so uh so um just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher like okay um um I mean okay okay um okay spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's so like uh um um you know uh okay so a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides that well okay so you know okay you know well uh I mean Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA well you know okay well you know um uh uh you know 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred I mean uh so uh like okay okay um I mean and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for um well so okay okay uh so I mean so $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I was afraid you know like I mean like so okay uh I mean um that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you so so well you know okay I mean you know uh so so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to our like so like uh um like well like uh website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly um so okay um you know you know um I mean you know awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see you know you know like okay okay I mean so I mean you know what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just okay uh um so okay like like uh so as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so like okay you know okay uh I mean uh I mean like glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in I mean uh okay I mean you know okay you know well uh the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in well well um like I mean I mean well like well and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you I mean like you know I mean um well so uh okay so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods okay I mean um so you know um okay um you know with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one like so I mean so so I mean um well I mean of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different um I mean okay I mean well um so okay I mean different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts like uh you know like like like uh uh uh that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the like like I mean you know you know you know I mean um um first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you know I mean uh um well well okay okay okay you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just well well you know so okay you know um you know uh here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make I mean um I mean like um I mean well so so a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is okay I mean okay you know well um you know you know well the easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one uh like you know I mean uh you know well um uh place for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows like you know well you know I mean well so so uh you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute well okay okay well so well you know I mean uh your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts uh um you know so so you know you know you know I mean and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right you know uh uh I mean uh I mean you know so you know. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You you know uh okay I mean you know so I mean so uh can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast I mean like like like um okay um so I mean addressing probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all okay uh uh I mean okay okay okay um you know time Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell so you know you know you know so I mean like um well you that he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You like you know like well so well okay like well staying put it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody I mean you know um like well well okay you know uh that has been in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all like I mean I mean um you know like you know I mean you know with one team just doesn't make sense for me to it's just um I mean I mean so okay like you know well like doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make sense to me for this man uh um I mean um um well well like like the go out and play for another team at 43 years old after spending I mean I mean like um I mean you know well I mean I mean his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way okay okay so well you know okay you know I mean so to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot I mean well okay um so like um you know like. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download so uh like you know um I mean well like okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on uh well uh like so like I mean so like your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you okay so like you know you know um well I mean I mean want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want like well okay well you know um well okay so to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to so I mean well um well I mean I mean um uh the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way uh okay um well uh like you know I mean like. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard I mean like okay uh okay well so okay you know about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's I mean okay you know okay well like I mean okay well creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone you know um I mean so uh okay um uh uh or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on um uh okay well I mean okay well well so Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your so like um um okay uh okay well I mean podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in uh um uh uh well um um um you know one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom well like okay okay I mean I mean well like I mean. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're you know um I mean so I mean you know uh you know uh going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in okay well um well okay um uh um like the sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to you know okay um so so um um you know so look into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an like um you know so uh well so uh um endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan well um so okay like okay um okay well Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free like like well um I mean so I mean uh um agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should um you know you know so you know well you know um you know really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast okay well um okay um you know uh I mean uh when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our free like I mean uh so so like like like um agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both a new you know okay well um like I mean um so like especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So we're I mean okay you know so like so like uh you know really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so I mean I mean like like uh you know like um you know that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but okay okay um I mean you know okay so well um it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one okay uh okay um um I mean you know you know okay three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How okay you know uh so like well um you know um are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I like uh you know uh uh so um well okay think that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of uh uh okay I mean okay I mean I mean like uh like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show so um like like well okay so so okay you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard you know okay okay uh well well um um okay. It's out of order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It so you know I mean okay so okay so well like is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah okay okay um so I mean um um so okay. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the you know well like I mean so you know um okay uh wild and now which are you like medieval don't you I do. What about I mean like um uh um uh um uh well war? What about like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little I mean uh so like you know okay well uh uh idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use so okay you know okay well so like okay um the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many well like so um I mean okay um okay you know many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right okay okay um like well I mean like I mean uh from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free okay I mean uh well so uh okay you know so anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs well so okay okay so so I mean like uh when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo I mean uh you know well uh you know okay I mean like code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello um okay I mean uh okay so you know so um and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a well so uh so you know like you know like I mean bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going you know uh uh well um I mean uh like like to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask um um you know I mean um uh so um you know where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because I mean well well you know I mean you know like well well you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode uh okay I mean so like um I mean well um kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up okay you know so I mean so um so um I mean the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references you know you know well uh uh okay you know I mean uh and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which I mean so uh I mean you know um you know you know so Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could like like well I mean I mean um so you know um be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal uh you know so um uh like okay like I mean Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest I mean so uh okay um like I mean um uh patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown like like uh so you know um so uh okay questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there um uh I mean you know um um uh so so will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience so well like well so like okay uh you know playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you uh uh I mean so um well um you know well doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really well like uh um well okay uh so um productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of well um so um so well you know uh uh weight. It's been filled with a lot of news and then I also got some okay you know so like so so so so uh amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to uh so uh I mean um well um like you know say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am okay like um so okay like like well I mean going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very okay um uh so so so like okay okay close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today like okay well um I mean you know uh well um that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant okay you know okay so well like like I mean you know in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation like uh so okay um um um I mean so of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke uh you know like like I mean uh um like okay Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say you know like okay so you know um well um uh thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram um I mean like well I mean uh you know um well following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank like so so okay okay okay so I mean okay you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League like okay uh okay um okay okay so well action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest uh uh um uh uh like okay you know um story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was so well okay okay well you know well um okay quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off like okay um so um like like so so is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point I mean okay okay okay well I mean um well like off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a you know you know okay so I mean uh like uh uh weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings okay like um I mean uh uh um you know like to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186 uh so okay like I mean um so so you know. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on okay um well you know okay uh you know well okay a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't um you know okay like um well well I mean like wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We well you know like I mean so okay so uh well wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most um okay I mean um uh you know I mean okay um essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog um well okay well I mean like I mean so I mean posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools I mean like like uh I mean you know like you know um to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a so so um uh um okay okay like uh daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to so you know okay you know well well um okay I mean live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here so uh so so um like um I mean well in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through uh so like so like I mean like you know I mean 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know you know well I mean I mean I mean like um well you know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have like you know like um you know like well so okay a building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens okay okay okay uh okay okay I mean well you know for in this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by uh you know okay well uh like okay you know um putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in okay like I mean I mean um um like I mean uh this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk okay like uh well so like so you know so to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my episodes um so well you know you know I mean I mean well well. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and you know okay uh you know uh so uh um well it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit okay so so okay uh so so like well your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends okay you know okay you know you know okay uh like well as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast well I mean I mean like so um I mean so I mean for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many you know uh so I mean so like like so like more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need well I mean well you know um like so you know I mean to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or well um you know you know um um I mean well okay go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I you know um you know well you know uh okay like you know just want to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through you know uh um well I mean uh uh like I mean headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I like um well like like uh so uh like want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works uh like I mean like okay I mean um um um I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, you know um you know well well uh so uh um we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for so you know um like um uh okay well I mean their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers okay so like well um I mean uh okay you know for on here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please like well um you know um like okay well um rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more uh so you know I mean I mean like you know well I mean teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher like uh okay well okay well well like um who is has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students um like so um I mean um uh um um she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on so uh like you know you know well uh so like her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for you know like um well you know I mean so I mean so her and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they like you know you know um um uh uh um like were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was I mean well um okay so you know like I mean I mean just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so so I mean like like you know um um well I mean much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? I mean um uh so you know okay um like uh Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier okay okay um I mean well okay so I mean uh. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh so like um you know okay like like uh like get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do uh like um okay uh so so you know uh that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into um so I mean so um like okay well like the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take you know well okay okay well like I mean so uh a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after I mean like uh well like you know uh uh you know. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of so uh well I mean so well well you know well them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 you know I mean I mean okay um you know okay so uh minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look um uh so like like okay so um I mean point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her okay like I mean so you know um you know um um up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili well so so well I mean I mean well well um dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming uh you know um I mean uh okay so like like to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara I mean well you know like like you know I mean uh so Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack okay so like like um okay so like uh Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person okay well you know uh so um you know well like with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all like you know uh so well so okay uh so about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to okay um like you know you know like um like uh share with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que uh okay um uh uh uh you know I mean I mean. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you I mean um uh you know like well you know okay I mean guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where so um um okay um you know I mean like I mean we were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part I mean like you know you know uh I mean um you know you know of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming um uh uh you know I mean I mean you know I mean well up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I bucked Authority. I uh I mean so you know uh well um so I mean can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so if any well I mean okay you know okay I mean I mean so um teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be making okay well well well like well like okay I mean more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would like so okay okay you know so like you know so just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank so well um um um so like okay okay you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series like like like so you know so so so okay of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New um I mean okay you know um like you know okay so York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out one like well uh okay like I mean okay so so of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a like well I mean well well well um okay like couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening you know you know um um well you know uh like okay to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you for tuning well um well well um I mean um I mean well in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is your first so you know I mean uh um I mean okay well like time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning. You'll you know um um uh like okay okay okay well be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them you so like you know you know okay like uh like you know can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because you know well I mean so you know uh like okay okay I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record so like so so uh well you know okay um my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely okay um so uh uh so so like uh love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so you know okay I mean um I mean uh like like. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your okay um okay well I mean well I mean so you know podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for you you know well I mean uh I mean well uh like well so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you well like well well uh okay you know you know you know can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you okay you know um I mean well okay well you know um need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download like um uh well um I mean okay so okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started so okay well um you know I mean like um I mean. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard like okay uh so uh so I mean well um about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you you know so okay okay well so okay uh I mean haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I uh uh like well um like like you know okay will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that I mean I mean like well I mean you know like um uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer well like uh well so okay so well like bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone like you know okay well you know okay like well well. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you know you know well um you know I mean um I mean so you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row I mean uh um um I mean well um so okay many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make you know well you know you know okay well you know okay um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me uh like like uh I mean um okay you know I mean because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in okay you know like um I mean like uh so okay a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night well uh okay so well uh well like I mean toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little well so um so uh uh I mean I mean I mean circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero you know so like uh like like okay so um is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is uh um so well okay well um um I mean a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and it's like like so I mean um well uh uh so beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and take you know well okay okay well like you know so like pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but that um okay like you know I mean I mean um you know okay you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the like I mean I mean uh uh okay um um well John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases uh I mean uh so you know so well you know okay worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States I mean I mean you know so okay um um uh you know. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases uh you know okay I mean so so you know okay I mean confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had so so um so you know like okay uh uh any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our villains podcast okay uh um like well uh you know like uh. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the um okay so well um like you know um uh 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld I mean like okay so so like I mean you know so to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you get your you know I mean like like okay like uh well uh podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one okay okay um well uh so like well um of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with so you know like okay so okay um so okay a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death by I mean well you know well well okay um like you know that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here okay so uh okay okay um okay I mean uh. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would well like okay you know so uh uh so um like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from so like uh like you know uh like well okay their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the so well um you know I mean uh uh uh okay lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode so uh like so you know so well I mean uh. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly I mean um like like well so uh so well where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather um okay okay um okay like okay so like. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and well okay well like you know you know I mean uh um stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to I mean um you know so okay well um so you know this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's okay like like okay well like you know um well raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's you know well you know like you know um uh um you know been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content uh I mean okay um uh like like uh you know about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the uh so uh uh you know uh um okay I mean most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the okay you know um so I mean so um like I mean most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short uh I mean so so well um well you know okay clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas well I mean I mean um um okay uh you know like. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world um so well you know okay like okay well I mean really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever uh well well like uh uh um well well you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in well uh I mean like I mean so well I mean well the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard so like um uh well like uh like so and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to like so so you know well okay you know um um be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period so I mean I mean well you know uh like I mean okay things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived well like you know like you know um so you know like and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were I mean like you know I mean um you know okay I mean so rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a uh um so well I mean uh okay uh um constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people you know like uh so you know well so like so within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 you know um okay so so um like uh well and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around so okay I mean I mean I mean like you know so like one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and so I mean so um um well like like I mean brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach so like um okay well well um okay okay um up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew uh okay like okay so uh well you know uh a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as I mean um I mean okay well um uh I mean well the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that I mean um I mean so so okay I mean like so the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little I mean um well like you know so um I mean I mean heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have okay so um um well like okay you know um had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn okay so okay okay uh uh okay uh I mean State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few okay you know so um so I mean okay like well months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You so like you know okay like uh so I mean like want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is uh um you know um like like okay um okay Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having the I mean I mean like you know um okay um like like massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but of so you know so okay um uh I mean I mean I mean a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's all you know um you know I mean um uh um so so be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if well um like I mean uh like you know um you know you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk okay I mean you know well uh like like well um about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got you know like okay uh you know okay uh well um quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do you know well like I mean well I mean I mean okay you know talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a um okay um I mean uh I mean okay well okay voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be so well like you know okay uh like uh uh your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you well so um I mean uh like uh like well need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream you know I mean I mean well uh like so you know I mean life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you know like so um well you know uh um well you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively uh I mean okay um you know um um you know so over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to well well I mean so um you know well okay like share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new uh um you know you know you know you know you know like so clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your um so uh like so so so uh okay heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is um okay I mean um I mean I mean um like uh he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the so I mean I mean like um like uh like um mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta um I mean so okay so you know um okay um near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house um I mean like um you know well like you know um and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something uh you know um like okay you know I mean you know okay out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high um you know like you know you know um well uh okay up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not um uh okay I mean so you know okay uh I mean Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one like you know so uh uh um um like well quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally like uh I mean um so so well well you know uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to you know you know okay so you know so well you know so is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or I mean okay so uh you know okay okay uh you know for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe I mean I mean so I mean like uh so um um and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just talked so uh uh so uh uh like um uh a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on like so you know I mean well uh uh like okay different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I so so uh so so well like you know you know just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more you know okay you know okay I mean well you know so um energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast like so okay um okay you know um uh I mean comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that so um well I mean I mean you know I mean okay you know I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's so okay okay so you know okay um like like a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor you know um you know you know well I mean well well you know because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet um uh uh so I mean uh so okay you know. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or so I mean I mean like like um well um so your computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast um okay I mean uh like um um you know um for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and like uh so so so you know well um uh many more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter okay I mean okay well uh like well like like how small you are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to uh I mean well I mean okay well uh like like make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We well so you know okay I mean okay like okay I mean are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like so um I mean well like um uh um okay these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or like you know I mean okay I mean so so you know um the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was um um so well you know okay well well uh the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I so uh you know um well um so okay so got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I um so well well uh so uh like you know had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different um you know um uh uh uh okay um well things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg like so I mean I mean um like like I mean okay just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked you know I mean well uh like like um uh I mean a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At I mean um I mean uh well okay well um so all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into uh you know like uh okay like I mean well uh my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to you know okay um uh okay okay you know well I mean like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture you know well you know uh okay well well well you know of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex you know like well like well um um I mean like like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting so like okay um like I mean well well like where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's I mean okay okay you know okay uh I mean like you know like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like you know so uh so so uh uh I mean well a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room um uh you know uh well well uh so I mean more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you um uh I mean you know like you know I mean so well for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise okay so you know like like okay um so okay you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting like um I mean um okay okay I mean okay you know for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in you know I mean uh I mean you know okay like uh like order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know well I mean I mean um you know um I mean okay you know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of uh uh you know you know I mean well okay you know like it that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things like so well you know um uh um um like. But there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but okay well like you know okay um well okay okay me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to well like uh so you know okay um I mean okay flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter uh um you know like like um I mean um um found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no I mean okay um um uh like like okay well one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick of I mean so well like uh I mean um okay like murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every uh so uh like you know so so like um Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's most bewildering um like well so okay well you know um so murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the okay uh um well you know I mean so uh well graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions you know you know you know uh like I mean so you know so of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young girl that some okay like okay uh um I mean so uh uh people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast well um I mean okay okay okay well um uh. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht okay okay like okay you know you know uh so well Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether well okay um uh uh um so okay like technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next so so um so so I mean okay okay okay big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether okay like um well um I mean I mean uh like or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing so um um you know okay like okay I mean so insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou well I mean um uh okay well like uh okay. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and uh you know you know um okay I mean uh okay well the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of you know I mean I mean well okay like okay well well education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the I mean like well you know like um like well so fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it I mean so uh well uh you know well so um actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards I mean like okay okay uh uh um well I mean teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host like I mean so um okay um like you know uh John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology like okay so um so okay so I mean I mean one chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is uh like um well uh um well so okay titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News um well um okay you know um well you know okay Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a uh um uh I mean okay um so well you know for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia you know okay like uh like like uh um uh that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is so um like you know so like uh okay um unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though so well well uh uh okay so well uh is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where you know like you know so uh you know like I mean uh she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this uh uh so um I mean uh um I mean I mean out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she I mean um uh you know I mean I mean um uh like states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron uh I mean okay I mean like like okay like so has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also okay so you know like so like so uh um helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a I mean well you know so well you know you know well um writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love so uh uh um like uh I mean you know like whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be well so well okay well like like okay you know allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 you know you know well um I mean uh uh um um plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that I mean you know like so uh I mean okay I mean you know guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I okay um well um you know well I mean uh I mean am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And um so uh you know I mean uh um I mean I mean today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah well I mean okay uh I mean I mean uh uh well. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet I mean like like like so I mean okay like okay we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed you know like well okay you know like I mean so okay the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was so you know so I mean like okay well so like there be but it was there. We took the we just say major so uh okay okay you know okay uh um I mean so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this uh uh well uh I mean I mean you know I mean okay is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree I mean uh you know you know okay um uh I mean okay planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as I mean I mean like you know well so okay I mean um part of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree so you know um so like like I mean I mean well planting as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective well you know so you know uh so you know uh you know of people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with well I mean well um you know so so well so New Forest. However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of okay um you know like um uh uh I mean I mean seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences you know well you know I mean so so okay well uh bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed uh you know I mean well like I mean I mean like you know light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with okay okay um you know like um so so I mean shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as um like you know well you know you know uh you know so a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're like you know so you know you know like like okay you know coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to well well I mean you know I mean you know I mean uh like the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should you know so um uh okay like so you know you know not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into I mean uh I mean like I mean well uh like I mean e-commerce or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three I mean uh um so well I mean um uh well different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the like like uh uh I mean so okay well okay right products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? you know so um uh okay well like okay okay What type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? so you know you know okay I mean well so I mean so Didn't you want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're well like like so well you know so I mean I mean finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make so uh uh well um like okay I mean um money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I mean um I mean um you know well um um okay I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at I mean okay well well so uh you know okay you know all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide okay okay you know well okay like well I mean well to build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before we um well like well like so so okay like get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple so like um well um like uh like I mean for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed you know okay okay well okay like I mean you know you know to produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and like you know you know I mean okay you know uh you know like proven to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your like I mean like uh uh uh um so well results in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make well like um uh okay you know uh you know okay sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to I mean so I mean um well I mean I mean okay um get more life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help uh so um so I mean like so okay okay you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach so um okay you know you know well so well well Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to well I mean like like you know well I mean well you know help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling like well I mean like uh um you know you know okay asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of like so like I mean uh like okay um uh God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as you um okay I mean I mean well so um uh um listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an inspiration um well I mean okay so so well like okay to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like um well you know well I mean well okay you know um this. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K um like uh you know so well you know uh you know out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it you know like I mean so so uh um like uh on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was uh like like uh uh so you know so you know like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given on you know like um um okay um um um um the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch uh uh you know okay uh I mean um you know so and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica like like like well um uh I mean um um Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and you know so okay okay um okay so um um welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa I mean I mean so well I mean you know well so so dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce so well um I mean uh I mean I mean um um yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot like I mean like like like you know I mean so I mean take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start well okay I mean okay okay like okay uh okay with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back like um um uh like well well well you know. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate I mean well you know I mean you know well I mean like uh raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests so I mean uh you know uh well I mean you know well. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy. I would like so so um I mean well um like um like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so we have strong on I mean well so okay well I mean you know okay uh he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and I mean like um um okay so well like well now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever okay I mean um so well so um uh like take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge of um okay you know okay I mean like okay like okay the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior like well like uh well well um you know so. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as um well well I mean so um uh okay uh always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today Mateo like you know uh you know okay okay you know I mean well Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came in so okay uh okay I mean okay I mean I mean well with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really divided well I mean um so like um uh so uh up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair when like I mean I mean so uh like so you know uh I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he okay so so well um well so like like told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it I mean well uh so uh well you know uh uh was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people well okay okay um um you know okay you know uh fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your you know okay okay uh so well uh uh um day. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's um uh um um so you know um um so 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to like I mean uh I mean I mean uh I mean so like believe and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM um like well I mean uh you know well so well our virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 am I mean okay um like like like well I mean like. Eastern standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the like I mean um so I mean I mean um so you know world, you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're you know um so so you know okay um like so excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs you know I mean I mean so um uh I mean like um are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create um well well so like um okay uh you know to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward uh uh like um well uh like okay you know slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think well you know so you know okay like I mean okay okay I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as okay you know like I mean uh okay so uh um unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people if I mean well so I mean like like um I mean like there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're well so okay so I mean okay okay like you know here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster I mean so well like uh well you know like um from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today okay okay uh um well you know I mean well so man. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a so well like okay okay okay so so well first thing right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's I mean I mean well I mean um um um um uh case scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do uh so like uh okay okay um okay you know this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so so um like um well um um I mean um fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we okay well um well you know okay okay like uh put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, uh uh I mean okay uh well so you know well don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space well so uh okay I mean so like okay I mean docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering you know um okay like uh you know you know so you know all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries so okay like uh um so well uh you know that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the Apollo I mean so I mean okay um uh like I mean okay mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news on Starship so well okay uh you know I mean uh well well to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if like uh so like well so well well so um us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that uh I mean uh so um you know you know so so is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is you know um um well I mean I mean okay uh I mean intended for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion so um so like okay so uh um um is advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital well so uh um um I mean well you know um. According to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up you know so like like uh I mean I mean like well. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a like like I mean so you know you know uh you know I mean little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human um like um like you know so uh you know well level. And I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I uh so you know you know I mean um so uh so could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify well well like like well you know so like I mean original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero uh I mean so okay uh so um uh so to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the podcast I mean uh I mean okay you know uh uh so I mean that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm you know uh uh um uh um like uh I mean Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths of One Life okay you know so so I mean you know you know well okay. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you know I mean okay like well okay um I mean so you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this far into the podcast I mean okay you know uh um so um okay okay that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here like well I mean okay um um uh uh okay. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today like well um okay so well like okay uh is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to well well well I mean uh well well uh well release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There you know well well okay well so um so so are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If uh okay um uh like I mean you know um well this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and like like uh you know well like okay like um listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all like uh uh you know um like like uh well of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that she okay well um okay uh um so so uh parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when like I mean I mean you know well well so so okay you know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as um okay uh um okay well you know well well a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young um um okay uh okay like like okay okay woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show uh I mean okay okay so okay uh like okay start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush well so so so I mean like you know well uh the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're like okay like you know okay um okay I mean okay talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair like okay um I mean uh well like like well of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung I mean uh well uh um well um well well truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were well uh like okay uh okay I mean you know well born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man like you know like I mean like okay I mean I mean well and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by uh well uh so so so okay like okay a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can well okay um um you know like like okay so be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey like like okay uh okay um um so you know guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello uh um um well I mean well you know like well. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re um I mean you know okay uh well uh you know I mean free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring okay I mean so I mean okay uh um uh um long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now like so okay so I mean I mean you know so uh Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so well I mean I mean uh um like well um so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the uh you know well um you know uh so okay you know Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due um well well so uh so so you know so to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that like okay uh uh um um okay okay okay would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if uh I mean you know I mean um okay okay um um technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the like you know you know I mean okay uh uh I mean like points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the well okay well okay okay like so you know okay situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat like uh I mean well like you know okay uh like the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back um uh um you know I mean okay so well um back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the um uh um uh so you know uh okay uh topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I uh so okay um well uh uh so well got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for you know uh like you know okay you know okay so like is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've well like okay uh you know well like so you know been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's I mean um okay well well like uh you know like got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his uh I mean uh uh well okay well um you know All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind of so uh so so um I mean you know so I mean emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him to text so uh so you know uh so well like I mean her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast for so uh okay well like okay I mean well I mean and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Ray so um well well I mean you know I mean so so Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and okay um so well okay okay like uh okay you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I well I mean like so okay okay like okay okay mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a I mean like okay well I mean well I mean like so draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going uh okay you know like okay uh um you know uh in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of okay I mean um uh you know well like like I mean stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want um like okay well so well like you know uh to get to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote I mean um okay I mean you know well I mean so you know unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the like you know so like okay okay okay well so first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so uh okay um well well so okay uh okay read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before you know so like so I mean so um like okay we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during so uh well um okay like like well uh the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using like like uh well like well like you know I mean it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice uh I mean uh um you know okay um well okay with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course well okay you know okay uh okay um you know okay only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor okay I mean I mean I mean well okay okay so okay which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about okay you know um like I mean okay well like okay anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's well like okay I mean okay okay you know well well creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone so I mean so uh uh um uh so you know or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on uh okay you know so okay um I mean uh I mean things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with no well I mean like uh well like like um I mean minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one well I mean I mean you know like I mean um so okay place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f so uh okay I mean I mean uh I mean you know I mean m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach like so like okay you know um like um you know the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host like so well you know uh so uh I mean okay Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited like I mean well you know okay you know uh I mean I mean but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of like like okay like uh so okay uh uh a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by so well I mean you know okay well you know I mean so using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives like uh well okay um uh okay okay so you everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right okay like I mean so um uh so uh well from your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone um well like um like I mean you know okay like with the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great um like so well well I mean I mean like um. They'll even distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere so okay well you know um I mean uh so I mean podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make uh like well you know I mean you know uh I mean like money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go um like like uh okay okay so like um to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a okay you know okay uh so I mean well I mean I mean podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money uh um so okay um you know okay um well up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are well um okay I mean okay well uh so um creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone so so uh well um you know well like I mean or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software so you know you know well um uh well you know so paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can you know okay well like you know so I mean you know okay be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you know so okay uh you know like well like you know you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh you know okay I mean I mean well like well okay to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to you know well uh okay okay well um um okay Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and well you know um you know like so uh okay like the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you well like so like like okay I mean I mean so need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, you know okay like so okay well well you know okay Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and I mean like like okay uh um uh um um losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode so I mean so um okay uh like I mean uh of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight you know like like well so like okay you know um women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello like okay okay like um well I mean so um greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about um uh okay well like well you know okay um all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken like well uh so so so so like you know up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles so I mean well okay uh okay like well well. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing so okay uh um so well well I mean so proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days I mean well you know okay okay um I mean well you know and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I um uh uh you know okay uh well okay like wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the um well uh you know well so so like so easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects I mean you know uh well um um so okay so are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well I mean well um I mean well I mean uh okay like as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host like um I mean uh well like well like so the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different uh so uh like um uh so so like software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything you know well I mean well um um like well so we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer uh uh um I mean you know like you know uh like tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity uh well so okay okay I mean well I mean you know to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, so so you know um I mean okay um like you know you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor I mean you know so okay you know uh um so like dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to well so um okay you know um uh uh so hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called like um so you know um uh well okay okay before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I okay okay so you know I mean like well you know okay looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on um I mean you know um I mean um I mean you know I mean the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, uh okay I mean like um like uh well well here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go like well well uh so um I mean okay like. Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my I mean um uh okay well okay uh so um brother? That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good um well I mean uh well well okay like like. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though uh well um well so I mean like like okay with a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to you know um you know like like I mean like okay I mean make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and I mean I mean okay like you know um um you know like edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the I mean I mean like uh I mean like you know you know uh podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and so uh you know uh um um uh so so apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in um so so well um uh like you know well one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to I mean so uh uh I mean you know like okay well get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my so okay okay okay like I mean so I mean so friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee I mean um um well well um I mean so okay. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of uh you know like well um so you know okay you know Iron Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California uh um uh I mean well well you know like uh. The company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion uh so so um you know you know uh like well soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps so uh okay uh okay you know well uh you know that I am so in love with and so grateful that I made the uh um well well you know you know um like so connection with Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design so uh so so like so um um I mean for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time you know um you know I mean so um so um okay we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going well like uh um um you know you know so uh to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin uh um so you know you know um um um well. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you like um like so uh uh you know so like have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk so well so I mean uh I mean um um you know to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's well um um like um you know I mean uh okay probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think you know so like so like okay um um like we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust uh well so okay uh you know okay I mean well me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your uh okay okay um um well um you know like dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me like so I mean um okay okay I mean so um I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this uh well so so okay you know like you know so podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of well well like I mean um so you know well you know our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please do well well you know um you know you know so so like consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say I mean okay so so okay like so well so hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I you know so I mean okay like um um okay like am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me I mean well I mean well you know so um you know um know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West I mean like uh uh okay um like uh so Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're so well uh okay like you know okay okay so looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number okay well so okay so uh so um so 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at I mean well so uh like well like uh so one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they um I mean like so well so um okay well heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led well I mean I mean so you know you know like you know okay them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central you know so okay you know okay okay uh you know um and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who okay well um uh I mean well um so like were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude you know uh um you know um I mean I mean you know like at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred I mean well uh okay I mean you know like um you know and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have you know you know um um you know well like um you know a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for okay so like so okay like um I mean I mean being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your um um so well um you know I mean um okay name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm you know well you know okay like uh like um well involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm well okay well like uh you know okay um okay involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with so like uh well like um you know okay I mean an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few okay uh you know well uh I mean I mean I mean like weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of well uh like um uh okay so like so right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this well um so I mean um uh well uh so virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries well um um um uh um okay like uh now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of so like you know so so you know I mean well like Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The okay so so okay like like you know you know um virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep like okay um like um well like uh I mean hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 like like um so like so you know you know like cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know I mean so you know well okay like well you know me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit I mean uh okay so so well so so uh your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So okay uh you know um okay I mean so you know like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can well I mean okay like so uh like um I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make well okay um uh um I mean like I mean okay a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to like okay uh you know like um okay well like do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the you know well you know so um I mean like okay well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey like uh like you know you know you know so I mean uh everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's well so like I mean okay so I mean so okay not a full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount like you know like I mean like um like well I mean Olive baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be uh um like uh you know like okay uh you know back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars well I mean okay well well so well um you know session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening well okay I mean so so I mean I mean so um wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the Star well like okay uh so um um okay I mean Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba like uh um uh uh like um so um the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon is uh I mean like so like so um you know um too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam well okay like you know well like I mean uh you know and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio I mean like like um um well okay I mean well Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about like I mean like um I mean I mean uh I mean you know pop culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking so I mean you know uh I mean I mean okay okay okay about Dan Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we like uh okay I mean well um I mean um I mean both watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how um um like like uh I mean well uh uh wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different I mean well so like like um I mean okay well components that we have to get into so there it's going to you know you know I mean okay uh I mean well you know I mean start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew well like like I mean you know like okay um um up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor um I mean you know so so uh uh you know okay it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use so I mean I mean um well I mean I mean okay uh it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your okay so so okay well like uh you know uh podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast like well you know well okay okay well okay well to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and I mean like um um so uh um okay so you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is so okay okay I mean I mean you know um I mean like also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going you know uh well I mean I mean you know um uh you know. So it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the um uh well okay like like um I mean so app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's so like well okay okay I mean I mean uh so get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to um you know okay uh okay so well uh so episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The um like like uh I mean like uh well um first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking so um um uh well um I mean you know you know it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic um well well like okay you know I mean well um of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho like uh you know you know like well well okay well. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you have I mean uh like well like well like you know um met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day and okay well well um well I mean like um so we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video that we I mean well so okay so um like I mean okay posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked um uh okay okay well uh you know I mean well about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully okay like um well so um you know you know okay not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen so like like you know so uh well I mean okay each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode like um you know uh okay I mean like uh so of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys so okay you know like you know so you know like I mean the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own like uh so you know so I mean uh um um Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and well um like well okay you know um I mean okay hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube so uh well um I mean I mean I mean you know I mean. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and like so well okay like so you know okay so I'm thankful file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are okay okay okay I mean um okay like I mean so we here to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown well you know well uh I mean I mean like like I mean as this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about I mean so um well like so um uh you know and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It like well you know um okay I mean um like okay is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have like you know I mean um well okay well like so local bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is so um so like um I mean um like so just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to well uh I mean like so like um so uh the back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd well I mean well so you know you know uh so I mean say The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, like so I mean uh um like uh uh you know I'd say that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you okay I mean I mean like um uh okay like I mean say that I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay uh I mean um so uh like like well like with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna so uh um okay so so I mean well well hate it always support your right to see random things. I support my right to well um okay okay okay you know uh uh uh party and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's you know um okay so so you know uh I mean well what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree you know um well you know uh you know I mean like uh and I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State um well okay uh you know um um um like Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to uh you know like uh so well um well well occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud I mean I mean you know I mean okay uh um well like of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for you know uh like well okay um uh okay I mean her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA I mean I mean well you know well I mean like you know you know Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of you know I mean like so I mean like I mean so so knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to I mean uh so I mean uh so so okay uh dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and well I mean uh so so like well so okay she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face I mean so I mean well well you know um I mean um of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design so um uh so like okay um uh I mean and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic you know um you know okay I mean you know um uh so alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's I mean like so you know well I mean I mean like so not working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment okay so like uh so like uh um so you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income I mean okay um you know I mean so I mean well um each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in um okay so okay so I mean um uh like a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome like like well like uh uh so you know um to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard okay uh um um okay um well well so care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully you know uh you know you know okay you know well um you know designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to well well like uh so you know you know okay so promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order well okay so you know um uh okay so okay use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in uh okay you know okay like so so you know you know the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent like so um I mean you know well so you know you know we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you well I mean well you know well well like well I mean meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own uh okay uh like well okay uh like um pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers so okay you know uh you know so you know well so and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old so you know I mean like you know you know um okay I mean came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over okay so so like so like you know you know um dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San Jose I mean you know uh you know okay okay so I mean I mean the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it seemed like so you know okay so well I mean um um after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like most nights so uh I mean um uh uh you know like um but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs I mean okay uh I mean I mean well you know well well burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate okay well uh like well uh uh um so and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty like like well I mean you know um you know um like fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the well I mean I mean well well you know uh okay like December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires I mean okay I mean uh okay um I mean you know uh and coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This so I mean so like uh so okay I mean uh means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 04% okay you know uh I mean like so um uh like. That economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was I mean uh uh like I mean I mean I mean so uh at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, so um so so you know um well I mean well it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due um so well like like you know like you know so to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the okay I mean okay well so like you know okay um stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I uh like like uh well well well you know I mean stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just like well uh okay you know like okay well so kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great I mean um like so well like well um I mean things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever so I mean well um okay well uh well you know you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your uh um I mean uh okay you know um well I mean kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, uh I mean I mean I mean uh well so so so I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created so uh well uh I mean so I mean so like the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're uh okay you know uh like so I mean well you know completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a you know like uh well so okay I mean okay uh month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share I mean uh I mean you know well okay um like um your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our well uh I mean so well I mean you know like like community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take uh uh okay well I mean I mean uh like you know your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level so okay like I mean um well okay you know um up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's uh well so okay um uh like like you know episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does like like okay you know uh you know well I mean um it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few well like you know well I mean you know so like you know weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to uh uh I mean uh okay like okay you know I mean see everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page um uh well like you know like like like so as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping uh okay like like okay I mean um so okay everyone feel good. And we're here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about like uh well uh uh so like you know you know and I know you are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that okay okay you know so uh I mean so you know I mean. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? like um you know okay I mean okay I mean so um Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well okay um uh you know so um well uh so. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying I mean so I mean you know I mean um uh you know um to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is I mean well so I mean um so um okay like it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to like so like um so um so okay so feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that okay like so uh so well okay you know I mean you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You you know okay um like like I mean so I mean well know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in I mean um I mean well you know well so well I mean your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those uh okay well I mean well so so um um things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode like you know well okay you know uh I mean uh like 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals I mean um you know um um so okay okay okay to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid uh I mean so you know um so I mean uh um of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested um um um like well um um like I mean by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or I mean I mean okay you know okay okay you know like well top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a you know so okay uh um so well you know well Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? like you know uh okay you know like so so uh Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you so well um so so okay um you know um at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the well so um um so um like um like ones that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure like well like uh um I mean okay um well every book that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll um um um okay um um well well um give you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this okay uh I mean like okay so I mean so I mean a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal well I mean I mean you know you know uh well uh I mean is to put these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two uh uh like okay so uh so like okay weeks or so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote um you know like okay okay um like well um real work to do but I will get to this but if you hear um well well uh well uh I mean um I mean me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the well um you know I mean uh like I mean I mean like fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it you know um so okay I mean so I mean uh so and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are well like okay um well well well well um just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to I mean okay I mean you know uh like well well well be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in okay uh I mean like well like um um okay the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome like like well I mean okay well um like so everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and uh well I mean I mean I mean so like like well he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube well uh uh okay I mean uh like um so channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So like so so uh uh I mean well so uh let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to I mean okay so I mean so okay well like so the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of so uh so so um like you know well so Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature uh so you know well well uh you know so uh films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If well well like you know um I mean uh well well you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy so well well well uh you know well I mean like theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial um like so uh okay I mean okay like okay events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen you know okay uh you know well um like you know I mean to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of well you know um like well um well okay you know TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show you know so I mean well well like well okay uh Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, I mean well well um um you know um I mean uh and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience well I mean so um um uh uh well I mean and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this uh um like I mean okay okay I mean like so is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on like okay like uh you know I mean uh you know well AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV so um okay I mean so so you know so um. And this is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated okay like well okay like like um you know like by me. I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by so uh well well well I mean um well uh Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge like okay okay you know you know so so okay okay reality TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but well like so like I mean I mean uh okay like me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and you know so like well uh um so uh well everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did you know well I mean uh uh okay uh so um I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle uh like okay uh I mean um I mean okay so amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All you know I mean like uh so okay I mean okay so right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened okay um so like uh well well uh uh to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now I mean okay uh uh well I mean I mean okay um. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys I mean uh like um uh I mean I mean like well are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're here. We're so well so okay well okay I mean like you know going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how we do so okay um so so um okay well um first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on the well I mean so like so uh I mean um um team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I I mean you know uh I mean like um okay uh um may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a like I mean okay okay I mean I mean uh well uh Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid well I mean well well I mean you know like well so alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and uh okay so so um okay you know okay you know Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show you know like like like you know well you know so I mean this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, like well okay I mean uh well um so like you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it like like like uh uh like well so okay huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this uh like okay um I mean so like um well but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do a like um like you know like well okay I mean okay bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun. If you know so you know okay okay um um you know uh you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our kitten Nona you know like okay okay okay I mean okay uh um if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so well like okay so okay you know so uh um like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're uh you know well well you know like you know you know well they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast I mean um okay um okay you know I mean well okay that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set like um well so like you know uh um um designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians okay um like um so like um well uh about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain so okay um um uh so well so okay at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence um I mean like okay um you know okay I mean uh podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by I mean you know you know like well I mean I mean uh so W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very okay uh like okay I mean you know I mean well like first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live I mean you know like I mean you know like um so so on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear so okay I mean like so like well well I mean a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well you know um uh well uh I mean uh okay I mean as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview so like okay well I mean okay well I mean um with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very uh uh I mean um okay like um so you know bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's well um so I mean well um I mean you know I mean the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools uh okay you know you know um like like you know okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer like so I mean like like uh like you know okay anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on so uh um I mean so you know well so okay Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money well you know so well like so well um you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a you know like um like okay well well so so podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot you know well okay um well like you know uh okay f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you well like um uh I mean I mean so uh okay for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl so you know okay so so you know well okay um. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we well okay like I mean I mean you know uh I mean okay kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow um I mean so okay well uh okay like okay your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if um um um you know okay uh um well so you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen um well like well um well like like okay to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever okay okay so well um okay uh uh okay you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If well uh like okay okay well well I mean I mean you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for okay well uh uh you know so like uh okay D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll so uh like you know um like uh well uh catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys so okay well uh well okay uh um so first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, you know well you know you know like okay you know okay uh but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time okay so I mean I mean I mean I mean like you know um. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So um I mean uh um okay I mean like okay well we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad okay I mean so like I mean like you know okay okay Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, but uh well okay I mean like so I mean I mean I mean that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, well so I mean you know you know well um so like you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you um I mean okay okay okay like well like okay. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing well so you know well uh um okay well like the benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope I mean I mean I mean uh you know well um like so There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to your so okay uh so like um um you know okay life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa okay I mean uh like you know you know so uh so Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to you know well well okay you know well you know like so be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going uh well I mean I mean like okay um um like to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite you know you know uh you know like you know well well like poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of like like um okay I mean I mean uh okay uh fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream you know like like well like like okay uh I mean of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake like uh okay so okay so so like like would that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on you know uh well so well well so so um nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and you know you know I mean I mean so you know um like like happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian okay like you know so well um like so I mean and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's you know um uh you know so like so I mean okay no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the well um uh um well uh you know uh you know biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a so so well I mean well you know you know um well lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males like well well like like well well uh you know. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field well well um you know okay you know well um you know. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a um I mean you know you know well like so um well shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know you know okay well so you know you know okay uh um what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter uh uh well um well okay well okay you know and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are you know um like um so okay okay so like too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic well uh well um you know okay well like well. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new I mean okay I mean like so well uh so uh day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be so um well well so okay uh I mean so covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from um I mean well uh so so like you know well and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you so okay so uh you know like I mean okay so do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die uh okay so okay well um I mean like uh tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable uh like you know like um I mean I mean so I mean at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of okay like I mean uh you know okay um so I mean poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for so okay uh okay like well okay so um podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and you know okay um okay uh um um you know um I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit so okay um um like you know I mean well okay your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something okay so um okay um um you know um you know in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into I mean well uh uh like I mean um like well the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping uh well okay you know you know um you know I mean so easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor well like well um you know so you know like I mean will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it I mean like um you know uh like you know uh so and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I I mean you know I mean well like uh um um um have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet so uh well uh um like uh so uh stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you know okay um like like you know you know you know so you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet well okay you know like um uh so so you know Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot uh so uh you know uh like like um um sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the uh okay you know well um uh I mean you know I mean best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What well I mean well so uh so okay like uh up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the uh I mean uh um like I mean uh you know well spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break like uh I mean uh like okay okay you know okay out of the mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave a um you know well okay well um you know um well review to let us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're uh okay uh um um so uh uh well looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X so like okay I mean well um like like well syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of like well so um okay um you know okay you know cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 uh like like so okay so I mean like so on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation okay you know I mean um like um you know I mean like and inactivation of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually um um you know uh um um like well uh want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form like um you know uh you know uh so well well. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast okay so I mean okay I mean you know uh um okay with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 I mean well uh uh so I mean okay well uh. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to I mean you know okay like so well so um well the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with well like uh okay okay you know so well you know double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's you know uh you know so so uh uh you know like episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He well well I mean uh you know you know like like like speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages you know well okay well like okay like okay you know shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you I mean well well um okay so okay you know so thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is um like well okay uh uh um um um about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe okay okay well uh um okay okay like okay that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are stuck here um like so okay okay uh you know okay I mean on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause dissension okay um um like um you know I mean like um anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 of uh uh um like well okay well so so opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and form you know you know I mean well well um okay uh okay and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a well well so I mean okay you know like um you know story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God so well well um okay well like well well has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our so uh so so uh um okay like um community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a fat callus I mean so uh well okay you know I mean um like on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, so um well so so um I mean okay okay so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with midterms uh you know so okay you know you know okay well so papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments uh you know I mean well so uh so like well participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's well um okay so you know well uh um um cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy so so you know well well so I mean okay you know is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page um I mean uh so well uh uh I mean I mean Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not so I mean so you know I mean uh um um um reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast uh like uh you know I mean um well you know like listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but without well um uh uh uh uh um like so a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm um well I mean so um well um um you know with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked okay so uh like uh so uh so okay. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu steak I mean so um I mean you know I mean okay you know well uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you uh I mean like okay I mean so well like okay haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me like I mean I mean you know like well uh you know uh explain one. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you know so you know um well okay I mean you know uh you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's uh uh you know uh um well like like um creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean I mean well uh I mean um so you know uh from your Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to like uh uh uh you know okay well you know so go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where um okay um so well uh well so you know you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one of uh so um so I mean like so uh um us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years you know I mean um I mean so so well so I mean. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the like um um you know okay um okay like um voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify I mean well okay okay um you know I mean okay uh or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So you know you know well you know you know uh uh uh so today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll I mean you know I mean okay like I mean okay like you know be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really I mean so you know I mean so like well so um weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a you know um you know uh like well well okay like World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just you know you know you know like so you know I mean um well I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my okay I mean I mean um you know uh you know you know uh predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down like okay um so I mean well well um you know the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying um like well like um you know I mean like you know back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the okay um so uh uh like so um um World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the I mean like okay uh uh um you know so okay game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune you know so I mean like okay you know I mean like okay in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or okay well you know so I mean um so so you know wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second okay I mean I mean like okay like you know um so match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast well well um uh uh uh like you know so thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori uh you know um well I mean so uh like um podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want uh um so you know um okay uh so well to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a well um well like okay I mean like you know you know part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take well um you know okay like okay okay uh so a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit so okay like so like okay I mean I mean um of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like you know you know um you know well you know you know uh you know to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like um you know you know I mean well so I mean uh so your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it well uh you know okay okay you know well um um isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer okay uh okay well uh you know so uh like to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our well well like you know you know well you know you know you know podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and um uh uh I mean I mean you know uh so like thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since um well well uh like you know um you know okay we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have so so like I mean like okay like well okay a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for I mean like uh uh so I mean so so okay the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked okay I mean so okay uh okay I mean okay um up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the you know so okay so okay like um so uh episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave so you know uh okay you know okay um okay well fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this like so so um okay like um uh um on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days well uh I mean like well I mean like you know well to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're okay okay uh so I mean well um well like going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And well you know you know um uh I mean um um you know I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate well so so so I mean um well um okay you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly well so um uh well uh so uh well talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're I mean uh um okay like well uh uh um / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your well okay like okay well I mean um like like view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much you know well okay I mean you know you know like um um better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest you know so I mean I mean like uh I mean well uh scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The well okay you know like uh so you know well you know former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff you know I mean I mean you know um I mean like okay uh for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to um like you know like uh you know okay well uh participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the hill well um well you know you know um well well like had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been well you know I mean I mean so uh um uh well poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd so I mean I mean uh like I mean uh um I mean outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play well um okay um okay um well so so nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I okay okay like you know I mean well okay you know so talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and well you know you know so um well okay so so why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me well well well I mean so so uh okay um and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome um like well I mean you know uh well okay so insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in so so well uh uh you know um okay well with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded I mean so okay uh so okay so uh so. Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would well okay so I mean okay I mean so I mean okay like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I well you know I mean um um so I mean like you know don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right like I mean well uh um like like like okay now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it so so like you know well well so okay I mean because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat magic um like you know so uh so well I mean like Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit like you know well okay so you know okay um okay with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside so like so uh uh okay well um um podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to so um like um okay well you know I mean so help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in their well like so so um so like well okay lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content you know like well so like I mean uh like you know about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of like uh okay uh uh uh okay okay like the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode uh so um I mean um so um uh like. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've so like uh um okay you know um I mean you know collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us well um um like uh so okay I mean I mean explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime okay um so okay well so um like so world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever well I mean um well uh uh um so I mean you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted so uh I mean um uh like I mean okay you know in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the like uh I mean uh okay you know okay um uh boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we I mean like so you know I mean you know I mean uh okay we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said like well okay I mean you know um uh well like with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but I mean you know well um I mean um like like um what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's uh well well so uh uh well uh um actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his like well you know well you know uh like uh okay location just a block away for over four years going it to the University like like um so so okay like I mean okay of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need so I mean okay like like so I mean so you know more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast you know I mean um so so so uh so um to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There you know like well well okay so so um you know are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start you know you know uh um uh uh you know okay um a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform so like um you know you know um I mean I mean okay. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let like uh well okay well you know you know so like me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like I mean you know you know you know uh you know uh like right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can so well well um I mean like like I mean you know be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from I mean you know like you know so uh I mean so uh your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in you know like like uh I mean you know um uh well one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go you know um like uh um so so so um to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm so I mean uh so uh I mean okay um you know Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week well okay um uh you know so you know uh I mean starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We like you know uh so um okay well like like got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, well so well um so you know uh so okay sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch I mean like um um you know I mean well so I mean on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right lot I mean like well uh I mean um so um you know talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside I mean well you know you know well so uh well so somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great so well like like uh I mean I mean okay uh pests who week of sports the past week as far as been I mean you know um like um uh like well uh amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about um like um um well uh you know well so hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of uh like like I mean well like I mean you know uh September the first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's so uh so uh well um you know okay I mean our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton like okay like I mean well so okay uh like room. Sorry the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up okay I mean um so so you know um um well to 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and okay okay I mean well so well like well uh we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not um I mean like you know you know okay um uh like suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's I mean you know you know so um you know you know I mean um a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode so like well you know you know so uh like um 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago so you know uh like um I mean uh I mean so about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We I mean well uh I mean like like okay okay well usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So so well okay I mean you know um like I mean okay this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be I mean um so uh well well you know like um editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? so so well well um like okay okay so Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice um you know okay like you know uh well you know you know Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what it well so I mean like you know uh okay I mean um means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas and podcast well so um I mean um well I mean I mean so this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of well uh so like uh I mean uh well so wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with okay like I mean you know so you know well you know like so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use uh so like you know uh um okay well well our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially okay so well uh okay well you know um like the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about the um you know so okay like like I mean okay you know amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app. I well so so you know well uh I mean um you know use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine well I mean so I mean well like you know you know okay who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I okay uh you know you know uh you know I mean I mean uh want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I have well um so uh uh I mean you know you know I mean no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our I mean so um okay like like uh uh like voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do you know uh like well uh like you know well I mean that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially like you know uh okay I mean well okay okay okay when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely um okay I mean so like you know uh okay like free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your um okay I mean I mean um you know well like I mean phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard so you know I mean uh okay so you know uh like on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, so um uh you know um you know you know I mean uh which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, okay I mean so you know um you know well um like I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need so well like you know I mean like um um uh to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny uh so you know I mean you know so um like so England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the uh um I mean you know uh you know well you know you know Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to you know you know um okay so so um well so Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one like okay okay well I mean uh okay well you know and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm um I mean so you know I mean you know um like so fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I so um you know you know like so well you know like listen to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking like like so um I mean I mean um um so so slowly? Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is I mean uh okay so I mean um well uh um that you know, my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to okay um um okay so well you know okay so me, you know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or so you know um uh uh I mean uh so I mean it cram more of me in right? So what we're gonna be so well okay like well okay okay like okay doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need uh okay okay okay like uh well uh so to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this is just so so okay well so well uh um like what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement really seems to okay well um okay like well well like like make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are okay I mean um uh you know I mean so you know you know joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's actually turned into um um um like well like I mean um okay a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together. And so today we um uh you know uh um you know you know well you know are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led up you know well so uh well like so so I mean to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she likes about so uh uh okay so okay I mean like well our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where like um I mean um uh I mean I mean um uh it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making you know like um well um I mean well you know you know Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a uh um so um like uh I mean you know like bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like okay I mean I mean uh you know well uh you know well analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either I mean uh so okay you know well okay I mean well. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little so you know uh like well you know well like well my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say um you know um you know so uh uh so so that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm Johan like so okay I mean uh uh you know like well and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess well um like you know you know okay well like um we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news um um so uh uh you know like like uh and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald so so so I mean okay okay you know well so Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes um like uh uh well so so okay like Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before okay um you know um so well so uh um we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and we've well um okay uh well um you know so you know tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want to so okay I mean like well okay okay well I mean hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious you know um okay so uh I mean uh I mean um. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff well like uh I mean uh um um like okay. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean um like well well you know I mean I mean you know well like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I I mean like uh like um uh I mean you know I mean mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? like uh so like so like okay like you know Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so well um um uh like you know well uh so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires like uh okay well well so I mean um uh you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out like you know um well like okay so okay well today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as uh so I mean I mean you know I mean um well well a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity um you know okay well okay okay you know well like to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco I mean um okay okay okay you know so you know okay something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are going you know so you know you know you know I mean uh uh I mean somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be I mean okay uh um I mean uh well um I mean in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode I mean uh uh I mean um you know you know so so includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme like well like like I mean I mean so I mean I mean Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in like like like uh like well you know so you know 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson um um like I mean okay I mean um I mean you know a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed okay uh well you know like I mean you know uh uh down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester um you know I mean like uh well well well you know Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She um so so I mean uh I mean you know I mean you know found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm talking so well like I mean well so I mean um I mean with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national euphonium player um um you know uh well um uh like okay in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal euphonium player well I mean you know so um you know well um um for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 choose accept into like so well um I mean like so well like the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the top high school uh I mean I mean uh like like I mean well I mean euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of America well you know like okay okay I mean I mean so well the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed second okay you know I mean so okay so like uh I mean in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, you know okay so I mean so um you know like you know the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made well so I mean uh so so so um like with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on like so uh um so uh um well I mean your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only um well uh um okay I mean okay um like subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 okay you know uh you know okay like um uh uh Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I well uh I mean okay so like so okay um am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the okay so okay okay I mean uh I mean okay uh floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this okay uh well you know uh okay like I mean okay episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the so so so um um I mean well okay um airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like so uh so okay like I mean I mean to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor uh uh okay I mean like I mean I mean you know well Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I mean I mean so um you know well so so uh I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I like I mean so okay um okay okay uh like had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need uh okay like like I mean uh well I mean so to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and um you know like okay uh um you know you know um just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in um well I mean okay you know you know uh I mean I mean all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need you know um you know um okay I mean uh okay I mean to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make I mean I mean um so uh well well you know um use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you know um um well well you know um so um you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to okay like like so I mean um uh you know so post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to uh well so you know uh I mean you know you know well my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to I mean you know okay um okay okay so well well the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is um you know um so you know well um um okay the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk you know uh uh I mean well so like so you know about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended um I mean so well um like okay okay I mean by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you know so okay you know um you know I mean um well you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and you know um uh I mean well okay you know okay well they've asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of okay so you know so um well okay so um changed my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life well you know you know so I mean well like uh you know changed my aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My well um so so so okay uh like like Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in there and I was trying like um I mean uh you know like um okay I mean to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he okay so well well okay okay I mean well I mean didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, um like uh okay okay like well uh well hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want to take a seat um okay like I mean well okay well I mean uh right there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell like like um okay um like I mean um so you about something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think well uh uh well like well um so uh it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's you know you know well you know okay um like so so the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy like okay like uh like uh um you know okay hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a couple so okay like like um like so like so of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian I mean okay like you know okay like so well okay season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's so well like I mean well um so okay uh going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying well well you know so I mean okay like like well The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this okay okay like like well uh so okay well. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something um um well um um like well so well I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been um you know you know well uh um like you know like listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both I mean like I mean okay I mean like you know so so liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star I mean um okay I mean so okay uh I mean um Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 I mean I mean okay okay um you know okay well you know 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went um like I mean you know so um uh okay okay to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits like well you know um well I mean like you know well the author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple you know well okay okay um uh like you know you know of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up uh so um I mean like I mean well um you know things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety well uh well okay well uh um like so and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour like well you know you know so uh uh uh um they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement like um okay okay uh um like okay like and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help like well okay you know uh so like uh I mean her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible so so uh so I mean like so so um is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In um like like like well so you know well I mean fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs okay well I mean so I mean okay well okay you know we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career well um so okay um uh uh you know like paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road okay okay I mean well um well I mean well um Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump um um you know um um you know so uh so through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior I mean you know well like uh like I mean uh well designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified so um I mean so well so you know um well oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? you know uh uh like like well you know I mean okay Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to be I mean well okay you know okay okay um uh uh sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk I mean uh well you know like so so so okay through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a like I mean okay well like well okay I mean you know lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill okay well okay I mean well well okay well like cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that I mean well you know okay so I mean like so you know you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments I mean so okay I mean okay okay so um I mean participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess okay okay you know uh you know you know uh I mean well that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a like okay uh so well uh uh I mean well personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at like you know I mean so like uh like well like page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do um um you know I mean uh I mean well so like not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and uh um so I mean you know like um so like curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or uh um okay like okay uh well um okay Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me you know well um so I mean you know so like um explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so I mean like like um well well so so podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So okay so well um um uh uh like like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make I mean um so you know okay like I mean you know I mean money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make you know uh okay so well um okay um um podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM so um um uh you know like well okay uh to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited well uh uh like okay I mean okay uh well about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets I mean uh so like um uh well okay okay. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how like so I mean you know well okay uh I mean uh much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life you know you know you know I mean uh okay uh uh well your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the I mean I mean like like so okay okay uh you know word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be so I mean well uh I mean uh like okay so priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from like well well well like uh okay you know like John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I you know okay you know um okay okay I mean well you know Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will I mean I mean so you know I mean like like so well remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his um so um okay you know you know you know like okay love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you well so like um okay okay well uh well and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other so you know um okay um I mean you know like um as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay like okay well so I mean like okay um I mean down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want you know uh I mean so so um okay so you know to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you I mean uh uh uh I mean well uh so like enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make uh so you know I mean like well well like like podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast well uh um okay um uh okay you know like right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So uh you know like uh um I mean well okay um you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can uh you know like well you know well you know um I mean also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast well okay well so I mean okay well um okay download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up um um like I mean okay well I mean like um guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one I mean well so um so so so you know I mean that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and okay well like like well um so I mean um one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I am okay um you know uh like I mean so okay okay use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing good like so uh like well okay well you know I mean. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly known as your okay so like you know so so you know I mean so Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead. And anyways, my okay like like so um I mean um you know uh name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired you know I mean uh well uh like uh so like on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This okay uh uh so uh you know uh well okay is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the so well okay okay you know um I mean I mean well car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is okay I mean okay well you know like well well uh why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do um uh so um like uh I mean well like leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's uh like like I mean well I mean so so well get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of okay um okay uh like um you know I mean okay entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence you know you know uh okay um uh like so so of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You uh you know well like um you know uh um you know could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him um you know well um like so okay I mean um but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter I mean uh um like okay like uh you know I mean is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and okay like uh uh so like so uh well transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel so um you know well like okay um uh um Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading so you know uh okay uh you know you know okay okay shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully uh so I mean uh you know you know like so so but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion I mean uh okay um um uh uh like I mean on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the well well um like I mean like um um um show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by uh okay you know so I mean um uh I mean I mean user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment well I mean you know uh uh well well okay okay for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point um so like you know well I mean so I mean um at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating I mean so um like uh so uh you know I mean toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having like like uh well so you know um uh uh a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every so okay okay well so so you know okay uh single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's okay you know um okay you know well okay okay so past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here um like well you know I mean uh well I mean okay at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about well like I mean I mean so so so uh so emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How so uh I mean um um uh so you know um you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have I mean um well okay you know um um so um you here. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos uh uh well so um okay like okay um as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think I mean okay you know I mean I mean well so you know uh that journey of loneliness started with you? It started in high school. I could uh so um uh okay I mean okay uh uh see it sprouting, but I had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my well like so okay you know I mean well um like first year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like I mean okay well like you know I mean you know you know uh a kind of came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I you know like um so I mean so I mean I mean you know go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way to uh uh so well I mean I mean well so okay make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to like okay so well I mean so you know so uh provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that like you know well like you know I mean like you know I mean allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may so um I mean you know um well okay so I mean remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made I mean uh uh so so you know like you know you know it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's like well you know well um you know okay uh okay everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel I mean um so so like I mean okay so um reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis um okay okay well well um so so like of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 like like you know I mean okay okay okay like you know verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it you know I mean like like okay so like well um was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this well like so so well well well um so to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in uh okay okay I mean well uh uh like um this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he so um like well uh you know okay okay okay causes his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m like okay okay so I mean uh I mean well so. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need okay so like you know so well well well um to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels you know like uh you know I mean so uh okay okay including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make okay you know you know so uh so okay um um money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app I mean I mean uh okay well you know you know um well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in like uh so well like I mean like like you know Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane I mean well so well like you know okay you know uh Louis co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also well like so you know so um so you know well joined by Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song well um like uh I mean okay um so so by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at well well so I mean so okay I mean okay so 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from two birds uh so well well so I mean uh you know like and we go through the episode and we try and have a taste well okay okay okay okay um like like I mean of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two um um um um you know okay you know you know um episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy from like well um you know okay um um I mean so committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged him to commit I mean okay you know okay you know like well so okay suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication she was um so um um well um well like I mean taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this follow Crimes of I mean I mean you know uh so like you know okay okay Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic well um like so I mean like uh I mean um nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and I mean so so like okay um okay you know like suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have you know I mean I mean I mean uh I mean uh I mean I mean one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make like okay I mean um like I mean you know so okay a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you so uh like well I mean you know um like so that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer like like like like like um like you know like. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too I mean you know like uh um well um I mean um many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only I mean like like you know so well I mean like I mean is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for um uh well well well I mean um I mean okay you to make money talking about the things that you love with no um uh I mean uh well okay okay like like minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good you know okay you know so so um uh uh well to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready like uh uh um so um uh like you know for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show uh well okay so um well well um so. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's like so well um um uh okay uh so just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening I mean you know um like I mean okay so well like in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty I mean like well uh I mean so okay um you know show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you know well well like okay um like well like you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks so um so so okay you know you know okay well for listening for the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you uh so like you know well you know so okay okay how it look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done I mean you know you know well well you know uh you know um this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll like you know you know so okay well well so okay help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can uh uh I mean you know like um you know um okay follow us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a like okay like like uh well like I mean uh 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles to um like so uh um okay um uh um choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into well you know you know well you know okay like um well today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making authentic so so so um well so uh I mean so friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism I mean okay you know like okay I mean I mean well like. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that enables I mean so so well I mean uh I mean uh I mean children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends based on age I mean so I mean well you know so well well okay interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect with uh um you know like so um well so okay other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host so so um like I mean okay um I mean like many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if like well um like well so I mean like you know you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest most efficient you know you know you know well well so I mean uh I mean way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no um okay okay like so um well uh so minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you so you know okay well like um like okay you know to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your I mean so okay well uh like uh like like podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms uh okay um okay uh well I mean you know well and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a so you know um um well well like um um podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free um well like you know like uh like you know like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is okay like well like okay uh um so okay it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor um um I mean okay you know okay like like you know Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know you know um I mean so uh like you know like like about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring uh you know I mean uh okay like so well like and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work um I mean like uh so okay uh like uh with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August uh so like like I mean you know I mean like uh questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested I mean I mean so uh like like well I mean like in that stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a I mean okay you know um okay okay you know well like practice under our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that like I mean you know so um uh you know I mean so. I want to start with the in book because and Pete I saw you like you know um you know well uh okay uh I mean put out a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put you know okay okay um you know so well okay I mean out a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought well you know okay um I mean you know like uh well yesterday and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, uh I mean you know um so well like you know okay but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast I mean so uh okay you know well like I mean um. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through well you know uh like so you know okay uh so stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy um so so um so well you know like I mean. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good friend okay so you know well so so well um uh will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good to have a so uh I mean well like well so well um fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just going to you know okay you know like okay so you know like um be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that looks like well well um you know like okay so you know uh is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little bit like so you know you know I mean like so well I mean about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the I mean I mean well you know I mean so um okay like reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also well I mean you know I mean like so you know you know I mean sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be um I mean you know well uh you know you know you know like myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of um so well okay well I mean uh uh uh marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in uh so okay you know um uh like like I mean loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a well uh like well so you know well uh you know cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and well uh you know um well well like uh like watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom um I mean okay you know like like I mean like um family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked um um so um like um okay you know uh it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this is a uh uh uh um like like so so I mean clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to the okay like uh you know like so you know you know well Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined by well like um um well um so like like anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said so you know well I mean okay you know uh I mean I mean today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course okay you know you know okay um you know so well so of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you well so you know okay like well well uh I mean know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee I mean you know I mean um you know well um uh okay. We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you I mean well uh I mean so uh so like well guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion I mean okay like you know uh I mean um um uh by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening well um well uh so so uh okay uh and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with I mean um okay you know um um um like I mean you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November well I mean you know um uh um I mean like well 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get like so I mean okay um you know you know well uh her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little okay so uh well uh you know so so like bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell like okay um okay you know so so well well you how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes um like uh you know like so uh you know um years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born uh so you know well um I mean well like okay who would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would so like uh uh okay I mean like I mean so take years for police to connect him to four other murders years and you know you know um okay so you know um uh so a clever. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee okay like okay um I mean so okay like okay hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup well um like okay okay okay so I mean so of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered okay okay I mean um you know well you know well okay inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let like I mean well I mean I mean uh I mean so well me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so like so uh so um I mean you know okay me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you I mean uh uh so like I mean you know okay well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will well okay um you know well I mean um uh so distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts uh okay well uh you know like I mean I mean like and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money like I mean you know like um okay so I mean like from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast well you know uh okay um uh I mean you know um in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out there download um uh I mean uh well uh um okay I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get um like you know I mean um like you know you know you know started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of okay okay uh like so you know you know uh I mean your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free okay you know um um um like I mean uh um. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of so um well I mean so uh I mean like I mean podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode I mean I mean uh uh I mean like you know um um of my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good like well so I mean well okay I mean um so day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's uh you know okay like uh I mean like uh so on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're okay like um uh you know you know um well um some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa you know uh um I mean um uh well like okay. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a uh so like okay you know so so you know um stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second okay uh well uh you know uh like okay well to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to you know well I mean you know uh you know like okay um make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you uh well you know uh uh well um I mean like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will well I mean okay okay well I mean uh okay okay distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie well like um like uh I mean you know okay so case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership um I mean like you know okay so okay like um and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor so um like um you know I mean so like um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going you know I mean like you know so um so um so to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my so um you know you know um like you know um I mean stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you I mean well okay so uh I mean okay like well by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution well you know well well you know well uh like you know side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's um uh uh well you know um you know I mean so definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will help like I mean well um well okay so uh uh you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also has a um um I mean uh like okay uh I mean um lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone or well um you know uh um so um so like a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one um okay like I mean so uh uh okay uh place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor or FM well so you know like okay like well uh you know to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's going uh well you know so okay I mean um well so good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom you know um I mean uh um okay well um I mean wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to you know well you know I mean so I mean okay uh uh hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of uh okay well so uh I mean uh I mean um Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go okay uh so I mean you know okay okay uh okay over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I like um um you know you know so so you know um think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My um I mean well so um so you know like like boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think I've trumped like so so so uh uh you know like you know his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he you know so uh you know uh I mean um well so loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide well you know um so well okay so so so to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for I mean well you know well I mean uh um um okay life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we you know well uh you know like I mean uh well so bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained you know you know well uh so uh I mean I mean okay on those long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a well I mean well like um okay like okay okay certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist um um like you know okay uh like well um and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash so well uh so um um well I mean uh and draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also I mean you know I mean like you know like uh okay okay join our Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member uh I mean well you know like uh okay like well of West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review you know um I mean uh um like like I mean well on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you uh I mean you know so uh I mean like um uh may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven uh okay you know um well I mean okay you know uh years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus well uh so okay okay like uh you know um Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and like you know so okay uh so uh like I mean I assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The you know like okay uh you know um um you know well years but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because well okay I mean well okay um um well uh he has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at you know you know okay so um like okay so well a time or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy uh well um well uh um I mean okay uh moments. I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times like uh you know okay uh like so like I mean. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to um um so well okay um um like well business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week okay uh so okay um okay you know okay well. We're looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so okay um you know um I mean you know uh well so you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because um I mean well uh like um you know um I mean I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much uh you know I mean so well like well okay okay of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, you know um well you know um well I mean um okay but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their okay um you know um like you know I mean uh okay way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better um you know okay like so I mean you know you know well integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even uh you know I mean um um I mean like well okay use it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right okay like uh so like uh well you know well so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't I mean um like you know well uh I mean uh so eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title you know well so so um I mean uh okay okay of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is interpreter translating uh so so you know you know uh you know you know um right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who I mean well I mean you know uh um well I mean like you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating um well okay uh um you know well well um Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was okay okay so you know well so uh okay like a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 I mean uh like um I mean I mean I mean I mean um years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether you know uh like uh well um uh well so I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was you know um I mean okay so well you know like okay a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the um um uh so uh uh okay like like community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a um so um you know okay you know um you know well supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and um I mean so so you know I mean okay uh you know welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the legends I mean so um I mean um like I mean so like of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of Pittsburgh, okay uh I mean well so I mean so um so Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit of an um okay okay you know I mean um I mean uh like in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules I mean okay um I mean well I mean okay um um to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to well like you know like well um well um um all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without okay okay uh I mean like you know okay you know you know a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you you know I mean you know I mean like well um okay so can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can so you know I mean okay so well like um uh download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what um I mean uh um well so like um uh you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so like well so like um like okay okay uh already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on uh okay like I mean well so um uh you know Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow so well okay well uh um well so you know me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health like okay uh like so um like well uh daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by so well like like um uh uh like I mean Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric um you know uh so okay like uh like like traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations so um so like so so well well um are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children um well well you know you know well like okay um less than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general like well I mean I mean okay okay um uh like anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following so like uh I mean okay like um okay like reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic uh so I mean uh I mean well um you know you know poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric um uh you know um um um I mean uh uh patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism okay uh uh um so like well uh you know of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports like you know like well well so you know well okay injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at well uh like uh so I mean I mean uh so lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that all of okay um um uh I mean well like you know so it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun um you know um well you know you know well well uh in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island okay well um I mean uh well I mean so you know. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph um okay uh um um okay well like so podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For okay like I mean well um okay I mean like okay those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and I mean so uh you know well you know like like well there were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it so uh well like so so well so like. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this um so I mean okay so like okay so well is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think like okay okay um uh um like okay uh it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is I mean you know so uh like okay I mean like um about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this I mean uh like you know um um okay uh um up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her uh like uh um uh uh uh like like deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister. I okay okay so uh so you know well uh you know cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets to so like like you know okay um um well okay come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you want well well I mean like okay uh I mean I mean you know the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys, so um you know well okay so uh you know like this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear uh you know uh I mean well okay um well I mean Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations okay um like like like I mean uh well uh the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come so okay okay so you know like you know uh well in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about you know well okay uh like um okay like uh core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know like you know you know like like so okay like like what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within you know I mean um so um well well you know okay your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give I mean so okay uh so you know you know so um you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent you know um um um so well well okay so Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural um so like I mean uh so you know uh uh History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why you know um I mean okay uh okay so so like the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass okay I mean like like okay you know so so well. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on uh like like you know um so um uh so social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week like so okay I mean well okay so um um. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people um like uh I mean okay okay so you know um. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the uh so like so like so well like well SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here like uh um um uh you know like so so with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the uh so well uh well well I mean okay so CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, okay so you know so okay um um uh well it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead so I mean well uh so well uh okay like of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please like uh okay I mean okay you know you know uh you know reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six like like you know like like um you know okay you know four six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven uh okay okay okay uh okay uh um okay three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can okay you know um you know so well well you know like be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require I mean I mean like like uh like I mean um I mean. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm okay um like uh you know like uh uh uh Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so you know like so uh like okay so like like happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy uh I mean well um you know I mean I mean like okay for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in well you know I mean I mean uh like so okay I mean the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I okay uh um okay I mean uh um uh uh last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get well uh I mean like so like uh so you know it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to uh uh I mean well like I mean you know uh you know wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the day I mean so you know I mean okay like you know you know so after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time like uh you know well so uh like well so. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the okay so well like well okay um well I mean way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not like well so you know you know you know so well uh a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and like um well um well well I mean like I mean a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not today um I mean okay I mean okay okay well well like. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last page um you know uh I mean well I mean like okay like of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought you know I mean uh um I mean well you know um uh for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we um so you know well well uh well um like would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of like like you know well you know um like well okay its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic that's on like uh like so okay so I mean well uh the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add Del okay you know so I mean well okay uh uh uh Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice you know uh uh so like uh so so you know with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to uh um I mean like um okay um um like teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts like uh I mean okay um I mean okay like so and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean well um so I mean you know um so okay like podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast I mean um you know so you know uh okay well so pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books well you know like so well you know so uh uh. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and okay I mean so you know um okay like I mean you know the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is okay uh so I mean like uh you know um you know that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording uh so well you know you know um well uh like a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you okay like well um uh uh okay I mean well like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've I mean uh okay well well I mean you know well well got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us okay okay well um uh so well uh like as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness uh you know um you know okay uh uh well I mean and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't I mean well um you know you know you know uh um like know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues I mean like um okay like um well okay uh like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low uh um okay okay um um well well like blow but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call well well you know so so um so like um it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim okay uh uh um um like uh okay like podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm I mean okay well so I mean I mean like I mean so Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast is first time something new just you know well um well uh uh so you know uh well had an idea one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks I mean um okay I mean uh okay I mean well well and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, well um so okay so uh well I mean so you know might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about uh uh well uh well okay like I mean like the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S you know I mean uh uh you know I mean like you know okay and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from um you know um like okay so um okay you know a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the so well so so well uh um well uh third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were well I mean um like um so well so okay just recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the so so I mean like okay um um well you know model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool okay I mean well okay you know like well well I mean looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and um you know so I mean like so uh like you know then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake I mean uh okay you know well like okay so okay pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten you know uh um okay um so so so like some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just okay I mean like um um you know okay I mean like thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury uh okay I mean I mean I mean so well um you know Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die so I mean like um so like uh so so Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is you know like so I mean so well you know you know I mean one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be I mean um well so I mean you know you know well uh telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use um you know like okay I mean you know I mean uh so for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone like so you know okay so okay um like um computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the you know so I mean well I mean like um like okay podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to you know like uh okay well um I mean like uh get your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything so you know I mean um so I mean like you know like you need in one place and it is the best platform to create well um so you know okay um okay uh I mean. Any type of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know okay well well um I mean I mean okay well so how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you okay you know um like you know I mean you know okay um meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it you know okay uh you know okay okay you know uh well. We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers okay you know so like like you know so so like are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're like like uh like well you know so um so having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice um you know um you know you know like uh okay you know Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We well you know like okay so you know well you know well have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New okay I mean I mean like okay okay so so well Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has like um you know okay I mean okay um you know um a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all I mean I mean I mean you know okay okay well you know uh the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank I mean like you know well uh like okay uh I mean you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do um well um well so well um you know um a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things well uh um okay uh um you know okay so people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all so you know um uh um you know well so like the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on I mean well so um well you know I mean you know well Q-tips, by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is well okay I mean you know uh well um um um that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look like okay okay like well you know um so like no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a well uh well you know I mean like okay I mean you know podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay uh I mean I mean uh I mean okay well uh uh to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit I mean okay I mean well uh um well uh okay your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your um okay so well well well so I mean well podcast for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host well like you know I mean well uh so um so your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it um um okay so okay like well like you know for you and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum um so okay well um um um like like listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast in one place. You have something okay I mean um so so so uh um um to say you want to get it out. You want to write a note um uh okay I mean I mean I mean okay well well just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and like I mean um I mean so I mean well uh like save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about you know okay so like okay um I mean okay uh anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent I mean okay well um like you know I mean well I mean free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh uh um I mean okay um well so um from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the so uh you know well um so like so I mean rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast well uh so like um I mean so you know well Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from you know like you know like so I mean you know like okay your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and uh I mean like well okay um um like well one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- uh um like like I mean like like um well to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people I mean um like I mean I mean uh you know um like like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name you know um um well so um so uh like is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of I mean so um uh okay so well well like my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing you know um like you know um uh I mean okay so my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly so like um so like I mean you know um I mean who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your okay okay uh like okay um so you know like boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee well I mean like like well um like okay um but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai okay you know okay well um um okay like um. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and I mean um I mean so uh well so you know uh me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen okay so like um I mean you know so uh um to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to you know so I mean like like well I mean uh I mean good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with you know well uh well you know um um uh I mean us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit okay okay um okay okay uh I mean uh okay behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the I mean okay uh so so I mean well uh okay top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us so okay uh um um so so you know so from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group like I mean okay um well uh like well uh of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions you know uh so um so well so like I mean of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events I mean well I mean like well uh so okay like from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free well well um um so um uh um you know on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is okay well okay like uh so I mean like um perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an well okay like so like well um um you know image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 like well well so well like okay um okay over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the so you know I mean well uh like you know so I mean blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come um um okay so so um okay so uh close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did so uh okay okay I mean um you know okay uh you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming um I mean well um um well so you know uh close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going uh uh uh well okay okay well like uh to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked like okay okay uh so okay okay well okay out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College you know well like I mean like well you know you know well podcast. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello like okay like like like like I mean well you know. So on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're okay well um well okay okay I mean you know uh just kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories um like so so I mean you know well like um. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it well like I mean okay uh well um I mean um vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? uh okay um you know like okay so like I mean Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So uh uh um um okay um okay um so I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what you know okay you know so um you know um well so would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are talking so okay I mean I mean uh uh well like um about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the so so um I mean uh so um I mean um Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail I mean you know okay um well you know okay like I mean from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want I mean well you know okay well so like like like to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional you know uh uh you know well like um well I mean maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before I mean well okay I mean uh like you know um so we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog you know uh so I mean okay I mean well okay so. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo you know um like well well okay uh you know um no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s okay um uh um um okay um okay so rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's um you know like well well uh you know well I mean for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, you know well well so um you know uh you know like welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, uh okay well you know well I mean like um um but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were um um so like uh I mean I mean you know okay a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't like like um um like I mean so you know well get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this um so I mean okay well um um okay um gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind I mean um so well well I mean like uh I mean goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew uh okay I mean um so okay so you know I mean of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring so okay so okay uh so you know um well American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of so you know okay I mean like like uh you know like literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just like okay okay um well I mean um um uh gets it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So well I mean okay I mean I mean okay well uh uh with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? well well okay you know well like so you know well I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to okay um um I mean uh so um well well have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host you know you know like okay so um um so uh. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also like I mean so uh well okay so okay like the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people um well well I mean you know I mean okay I mean okay overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we uh I mean um um I mean well okay so you know share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively so like so so like like so um I mean dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like um you know uh well like well uh okay well sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest like um so uh well well okay well okay fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full uh I mean um well you know I mean you know well I mean and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find I mean okay I mean you know okay okay uh like well and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas uh um like like you know like well well um where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help conversations well okay okay well okay well okay okay uh with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically Grace well I mean um okay uh okay I mean so well as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind like well well well like so you know well okay and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness um like you know I mean okay you know okay uh so consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others um um okay um like um I mean you know okay find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame well so so well so okay so um well. She is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time um like like you know you know okay like I mean well favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been you know um I mean I mean okay okay like okay um the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to I mean okay you know uh um um you know well you know think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice uh okay well okay well I mean uh you know you know of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big you know uh I mean well like um uh well uh bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody so so so you know like uh you know like um. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha okay um well I mean well so um um I mean ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just I mean okay um like you know so so so well a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why um I mean so like okay like um so well don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know well okay okay uh I mean so I mean uh um you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell well well okay you know like so well um um the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can like you know I mean you know okay you know well well like you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last um okay so so um well like um well time we talked it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and you know um so I mean uh like you know okay um being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain uh I mean okay you know so you know um well well parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm um uh well you know okay well okay like you know going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I you know I mean like um like I mean so uh you know met let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard I mean uh so well so well like um so to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of um uh so well uh okay so like like that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's um like you know um okay you know well okay I mean since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, I mean like well uh I mean um I mean uh okay but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several uh uh so okay okay well you know you know so years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her uh well like um well okay I mean you know so and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to I mean like um so okay so so okay you know share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have like like uh you know so like um okay uh to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do before I mean like well um uh well I mean okay I mean I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you I mean uh so like uh well okay so okay are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And like so so um well I mean like you know well we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome uh you know like so like well I mean like you know to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can um so you know um uh uh so I mean um smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends okay I mean um uh uh so well um okay for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to uh um like you know I mean uh like well I mean tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in well uh I mean I mean um uh okay uh like Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I like uh so uh okay well um well so will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are so well uh so like so I mean I mean uh on the E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really well well okay well so you know um uh I mean excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk uh you know uh uh uh like well you know um about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's like okay you know you know you know okay you know well okay episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually um you know like um um so okay I mean uh a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard well um um okay so well I mean uh um towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and okay um well okay well okay uh you know well I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about um I mean okay uh I mean uh I mean okay you know the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought so like I mean okay I mean I mean like I mean um it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I you know uh like uh um like okay uh um am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo you know well so um I mean so like okay you know Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just okay uh okay I mean okay I mean well um uh about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take like um uh okay uh so uh uh I mean it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't you know like okay I mean I mean I mean I mean um okay quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer time well uh I mean you know okay you know I mean like well and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like I mean I mean well well okay okay like I mean like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm okay well um well like um okay like I mean like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can I mean so so so okay so I mean I mean uh wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world well um you know uh okay okay you know so um of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious okay you know well uh you know okay well um you know subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring like um uh uh well okay okay you know well the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short uh I mean like well like uh well um like clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us you know you know so so like okay uh you know well explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime I mean okay like okay uh you know you know so so world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen I mean you know uh you know like um um um uh to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the you know well so I mean like I mean you know um I mean description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet you know well like you know like okay like you know well. We're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In so you know okay uh so well I mean uh um the last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up like so like so well uh okay okay okay as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the like uh uh well you know um I mean um um virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and well so like um uh okay uh so okay we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the World uh like so um well okay you know so I mean Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying well okay like so I mean um you know um uh that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just like so um well you know well like okay okay how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is uh well okay well well you know you know I mean you know based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong like well like okay I mean like you know you know uh and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss uh okay I mean I mean well um well I mean uh failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career uh um well okay you know so like well like showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan well like uh I mean uh well like um so. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for I mean so so okay um um um I mean um this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel um okay so so I mean you know so so okay. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm okay um okay um um so uh um um Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 931 uh well I mean um okay you know okay you know okay. And good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen so I mean uh so um um I mean well well Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say like so so well so uh okay so I mean hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure as hell um um okay okay you know I mean I mean well like should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here today you know well like um okay okay I mean well you know. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the ones and twos and uh um like I mean like I mean like okay I mean the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the dice today so I mean you know uh okay um uh so okay rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday uh so so uh um um you know well uh after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with us um uh I mean uh uh well uh so like here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that um like so um you know you know I mean well you know with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of I mean I mean okay uh um so uh so um the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you I mean um so so I mean well I mean um uh keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the so like I mean like uh you know like um okay most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned like okay okay uh uh I mean you know so um there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for well uh okay so uh uh well okay well death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and you know like well like uh okay I mean you know uh forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far uh you know I mean well okay um well um uh greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in okay I mean well well you know well so so well 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of you know I mean I mean um so okay I mean so so murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a um okay well like well like well okay uh reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe you know you know so I mean um I mean okay okay so it's the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your I mean okay uh like um uh I mean I mean you know parents anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases um well okay okay so uh like I mean okay. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe so um you know I mean okay I mean uh uh I mean you've even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It well like okay you know um I mean uh uh so right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying like you know uh I mean um like uh well uh your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us like so I mean uh you know I mean I mean I mean well go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description well you know so you know so well so you know well below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / well um well so I mean uh like okay I mean Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who well I mean you know so okay okay I mean well um dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your um I mean well okay um um so uh like forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may you know um I mean um um okay so well like be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My I mean okay okay uh okay I mean so okay um brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the uh so you know um okay okay so um you know Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the I mean well okay you know well okay well I mean so new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was so like I mean I mean I mean um you know I mean well that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie so I mean I mean you know okay okay um well well. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is I mean okay well okay like like you know um um Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my so you know like I mean so I mean so uh well gosh. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh so you know um uh well okay uh like so my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're well um well like uh okay well well I mean listening to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll um well so like so well I mean okay um be discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also well so uh so I mean well I mean well you know talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our well I mean so like uh uh like you know like respective creative Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be so so okay well okay you know so well well featuring other artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening uh um you know you know um well okay you know um to this podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about like okay I mean you know um like um um uh gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety like well well um okay okay like well well dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since uh um um okay I mean I mean well um so 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat so uh okay so I mean I mean okay I mean um his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 I mean I mean okay um I mean I mean okay so you know the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at um okay well um okay well well um well least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to uh so you know so um okay uh you know uh those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of um um um um so uh well like um challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience I mean uh like okay I mean so like like okay of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along um I mean like okay you know you know you know like like you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, like I mean like so you know uh uh uh well have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my you know you know uh uh you know okay like uh well podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to I mean so so um uh you know uh I mean like do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so okay I mean well uh um I mean you know so well much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My like well like like you know you know um well you know name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the like uh uh okay like uh well like like thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests well uh you know so so okay okay so uh on you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah well okay like uh uh uh you know you know um. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We well you know I mean like like uh well uh you know don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the um so um so I mean I mean like well you know guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd I mean I mean well uh so um I mean okay okay just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show um so so okay so well okay okay uh for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market so so okay um uh I mean so so I mean today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the I mean you know okay uh okay well okay so um Savage on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's well like okay I mean uh so you know I mean so pretty Savage so money update two episodes in we not the not the most well so so um uh I mean like you know okay fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're well so you know so you know you know like I mean so almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we so you know I mean well you know um like so okay can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's you know uh so I mean I mean so okay like um really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like uh I mean so so okay um uh so well five of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we so like like um I mean so okay you know you know can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea uh like um uh you know I mean okay I mean so. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for I mean I mean like um so like um um so the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its okay um like well um okay you know you know you know heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history well I mean well uh you know uh like okay well start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the I mean um well um so you know well uh like way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a I mean I mean like so um um um I mean okay brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things I mean well you know uh you know um I mean okay well and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as so you know um you know okay so um well like a young girl. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of you know like you know um I mean um I mean like well the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided so um uh I mean okay um okay you know okay she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our you know I mean I mean well um uh uh like so podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope okay you know you know well I mean uh okay you know um it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in so well okay I mean okay so so you know I mean your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I like like I mean like well uh like um I mean am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture so um so okay well um um okay you know is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow well like well you know you know like so well so. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter you know you know like okay well you know okay okay well 11. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last uh uh um like like uh um you know so night. The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to so okay like like so you know so uh so this audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an okay you know you know like I mean uh um I mean okay interactive online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and um uh I mean um like um okay you know okay curate online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology so so well well like okay you know well I mean club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of like well well well okay like well uh like these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in I mean um okay you know you know you know okay uh okay interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications like okay um well I mean like I mean uh uh at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we like so I mean uh you know well you know I mean you know do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take okay like um okay I mean uh um uh uh a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way so like like so okay okay okay I mean you know possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually I mean well so so like so um so you know having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each um you know well well um so okay okay well episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and so I mean well okay like uh um okay well have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried okay uh uh I mean well well well okay um to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit I mean like I mean so I mean well okay you know like our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that so I mean like uh well well I mean okay I mean anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're so so I mean well you know I mean um well I mean serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the uh like uh like well well I mean I mean well anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all uh um you know um uh so you know so like know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors like you know you know um you know uh uh you know uh it easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in so okay I mean okay uh so you know uh you know one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you you know like like I mean okay well um uh well can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools uh you know like uh I mean um uh so um to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will so so okay so you know so you know well so help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like we do I mean you know like uh so um I mean I mean like you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You can you know um you know okay okay so um um well also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no minimum uh okay um well like so uh uh um listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a like okay you know like okay well um um so fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy uh I mean so okay uh well well I mean so Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level you know you know so I mean I mean so uh like uh endeared herself to me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not well uh uh uh you know well uh um um familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She um I mean okay I mean okay okay you know I mean okay got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks um so well you know like okay like I mean uh podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins so well so I mean you know okay so well uh. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going you know uh I mean so okay um well you know like to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought okay um so so like um okay um okay this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt um I mean I mean uh you know uh okay so so like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development um you know uh okay uh um I mean I mean like goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here so uh uh so I mean you know so you know uh to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's I mean well so I mean you know okay I mean so so STG talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 well so so so you know you know so okay like years to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for like so um okay um okay okay okay okay a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in I mean like you know um like you know well uh so the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working well um okay you know uh uh um well I mean out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British you know you know you know like I mean well like I mean okay Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the well I mean I mean um well like well uh like water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, okay you know uh I mean you know well well like um so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a um okay I mean like so you know well uh uh transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had well you know you know um I mean so you know uh well been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my okay uh well um okay I mean you know so okay vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I I mean uh uh so so uh well like so left a really high profile job, and I did and I started a I mean like you know okay um okay like so I mean business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I mean um I mean so like like like I mean I mean I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my I mean uh well well uh I mean like so uh life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything I like okay I mean you know you know well so um like wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more than so okay you know so okay okay I mean um okay I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for well like uh like so okay um uh um us in a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you um I mean um uh like uh uh like like know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a okay like you know okay I mean um you know I mean you know conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're well I mean okay you know you know so well well uh just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking uh uh like I mean okay okay uh I mean I mean apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask okay uh so well so um okay uh like that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't well like uh so okay like well so um think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each so well I mean okay like I mean uh okay you know other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the um well uh well well well okay so so Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a um you know you know uh so okay okay uh well cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm okay I mean well I mean like like you know so like your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina um so uh I mean well like well okay so is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can you know like okay okay um like you know I mean like work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have like um so you know uh I mean um uh so brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power um uh uh you know well you know so um you know suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have um I mean uh uh um well so well uh you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I uh okay okay um so okay well I mean so think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit you know well you know so you know like okay well well and a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this um um um I mean um uh okay you know you know guy is dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's you know well um you know like uh you know I mean you know a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare I mean you know like you know well um um you know okay a little spice. So you are and are you going to work right after um um so like I mean okay uh like you know this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so okay you know so I mean like well so um uh what we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you well like I mean so like like like like I mean folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand okay you know um uh I mean I mean uh like uh new episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys so like I mean uh like I mean like uh you know today. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually okay like okay okay uh well okay okay um going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian like you know you know um so uh like you know so is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going okay okay you know I mean uh I mean okay uh okay to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider okay um uh um so so uh I mean like this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home uh like okay like uh you know um um so turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last you know um well well well so like you know uh time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form you know um like um so like um so so and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline like so like like um well well like um writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to you know you know okay so like I mean okay um you know talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a uh well uh okay I mean you know um like so podcast that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place well I mean you know so you know well um uh you know for free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you um um um uh I mean so okay um I mean can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast well so uh well so I mean uh like uh sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you I mean uh so well well I mean well you know okay might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it so you know you know okay so uh um you know you know can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You you know well okay like so I mean uh I mean um can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with well like um like uh okay uh you know like anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor well I mean so well okay okay um okay um dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls you know you know uh like like um I mean you know like would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime uh so okay uh well you know like I mean um. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a you know I mean I mean so so so well you know like husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey um uh um uh uh uh uh um um despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles along I mean like I mean like okay um so well um the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes like like so you know um like um you know you know just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view German soldiers coated uh so okay okay you know well well like so the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest so uh um uh you know I mean I mean I mean like route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and I mean you know okay I mean I mean um okay like uh night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little okay so uh well uh like so I mean um circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking um okay um so I mean um uh well I mean about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene okay I mean so um so well like you know so. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala like uh okay okay so um well I mean okay the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was like so um so uh okay um well um one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top so you know okay like I mean well uh like um of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the so well I mean well like you know um you know I mean daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, uh well okay um okay so uh I mean um it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are so uh you know like so uh okay well like going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this I mean uh well um like um uh like like is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together I mean um uh um you know so like you know uh and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going you know okay um okay um um well so okay to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a uh so so like uh okay so um like salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really so you know um well I mean like so so um Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell us so I mean you know okay so so uh so so like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're okay okay so so well well okay I mean so going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a well well I mean okay okay um uh well um ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the well so well you know uh uh I mean well like juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to be so I mean you know uh I mean you know I mean I mean um you know generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how okay I mean you know so uh I mean uh you know you know we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f well I mean you know well okay um you know um um m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's um okay like well so okay I mean uh like creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone uh I mean so so I mean so you know um uh or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app okay uh I mean well so I mean well um uh to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when like I mean uh I mean like well so okay like in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code I mean so well I mean I mean so like uh okay. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to um uh well um you know okay so so you know the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve like I mean uh well so um like uh you know our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City I mean um so uh I mean like okay okay um office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she so so well so so okay you know uh okay has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen you know well like well uh like you know I mean okay that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock so I mean uh so well um so um okay revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all uh like uh uh well well like like okay record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the so okay well so um okay um well I mean recording system inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to um um uh you know okay um I mean okay well start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I like uh well like you know I mean okay like well do need to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, I mean so okay well um like like okay uh you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh okay well uh uh so well um you know um ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk okay um you know uh so well you know uh well about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your so um so so so okay okay so um host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt you know uh well like you know well okay um like and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode okay you know well I mean okay uh okay okay okay of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? okay um well um you know you know you know um you know Didn't well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good um I mean so uh um okay I mean I mean like to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do uh uh okay so like okay you know okay well you think the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea so I mean well I mean well you know like um I mean. Let me let me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So so you know you know um uh well you know uh like basically it did start out as a meme between me and bay on well like uh um uh you know uh I mean you know the Discord server bunch of people were just talking about us having great I mean so so well okay so I mean I mean you know voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you like well okay okay so okay like I mean well follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if okay uh I mean so well so okay I mean you know you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen you know um okay you know I mean you know I mean okay I mean to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling uh you know uh well like so you know okay I mean and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't okay you know you know like so like I mean so okay done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D okay you know um you know uh well like like okay. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop um um well um so well uh okay well it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like like so well like like uh well um okay a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had uh you know you know uh you know I mean uh uh like some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one so okay okay uh like you know uh I mean well of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for well so like so you know so okay uh like the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like I mean I mean okay I mean okay like you know um so a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank I mean uh uh you know well uh well uh I mean account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few okay like well okay uh you know um okay um reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds I mean like well uh like um well you know um of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is I mean I mean well so I mean uh like um I mean it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your um so so like um you know like you know uh wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have you know well I mean you know you know uh I mean you know okay been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a so I mean so uh like so I mean uh okay heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their okay well um like um so um so like victory that takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about well you know um well uh so so you know so a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and um like um okay you know okay like okay okay earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting the um so um well okay so like like uh full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple reason really I mean you know um so okay you know uh um I mean I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys have uh like uh I mean um well okay you know uh certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that well so like you know okay like uh well uh you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is so I mean like like you know okay so well well how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan your week I mean you know um I mean I mean I mean like well like to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either avoid or go well um you know like I mean you know um like uh to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose of the program I mean like um uh like okay okay you know I mean is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast you know okay uh okay um well you know okay um. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to record uh I mean you know uh like I mean like uh you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would um uh well well uh like you know uh uh distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a like um so well well uh like you know uh podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no um I mean well uh I mean um uh um um minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download um well so um uh uh so well uh the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? like uh um you know you know uh well I mean like Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson okay well like okay okay um okay I mean well. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century well you know you know I mean um um uh I mean well BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of so uh so well well well uh okay uh all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want like okay I mean well okay so you know um uh to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast uh I mean so uh you know okay so so I mean presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like well you know uh like you know uh uh you know uh medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you know uh like like uh so so you know I mean you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant you know uh well like I mean so so I mean well librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory okay um okay you know well so so well okay the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing so okay okay I mean you know like I mean um uh we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents I mean well I mean like like uh you know um uh. They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with like you know well okay um well like well uh Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to like um so like okay uh okay okay I mean be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has well so you know um well you know so like like been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular uh well like okay like uh I mean well so app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given so okay like I mean so okay uh you know like a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those I mean um uh you know you know you know um like um teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so I mean you know like like um uh you know well okay a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song so so I mean okay so okay um like well Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast dedicated to okay well okay well like you know you know um so discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the second ever podcast okay um you know like um like uh you know well I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still trying to find you know you know well okay you know uh well um like my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad editing in places um uh you know I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean um. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's you know so you know um um you know well I mean well get on with the show in this show. I cover recent news and questions so well um well um I mean like okay um that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest of the show focus on um well um well um so um so uh a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to you know okay I mean okay I mean okay I mean you know well spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback like uh you know um okay um you know uh well and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the well so uh you know okay you know okay I mean uh man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I like like so okay like um uh I mean um initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of so I mean like so okay I mean okay well like the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today I mean um okay I mean okay so you know um I mean and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development so uh so I mean I mean well uh like I mean productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work like you know uh okay uh you know I mean okay well and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to you know like so like like like okay uh well Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one like uh so well so so well okay uh our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated you know okay uh you know you know okay okay like okay by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to like you know well so well you know like I mean uh give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, uh like okay you know like well um I mean okay before you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your uh uh uh like okay uh uh uh okay plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him you know so okay so okay I mean okay well well for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern you know you know you know I mean so okay okay uh okay state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet I mean I mean well I mean well you know um so okay deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch um um okay um um so you know like well roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Hat you know okay okay well I mean okay like um okay as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that I mean okay okay well uh I mean so I mean well hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around you know you know you know well um I mean uh uh I mean the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly well like well well um I mean like well I mean much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This so you know uh so so um okay like like was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It like uh you know well okay like well you know I mean floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again okay you know uh I mean I mean so like um okay after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's like um okay uh okay well um okay well a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are um well I mean I mean like um um um I mean obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this moment of um uh you know um okay I mean well well well Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like hand in my okay I mean well uh like well so so okay shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, like you know like so you know so I mean so so it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the I mean you know uh I mean uh so um well you know two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching so so well I mean you know you know um so okay us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives. I like uh okay I mean like so you know okay like love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how uh like you know so like you know okay um you know they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes that open uh uh like so like so like so you know like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like well like so well you know uh well um so walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes okay uh so okay like like like well you know like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those so you know you know I mean like uh uh okay I mean are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when so I mean well so uh uh like I mean like we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift so um like so so so I mean I mean I mean through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high you know uh like you know like uh so well um intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast well okay you know you know well um you know so like. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want so uh so uh well um okay well well to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions well uh okay you know um uh well so you know and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I um you know well like so you know I mean so you know did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down okay I mean so I mean like you know well well okay. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and well so uh you know uh well okay well like went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor um I mean like uh I mean well I mean like okay it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free okay I mean so well I mean well uh so like. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your I mean okay I mean okay like you know so like you know phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and I mean uh okay you know so so uh you know um anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple uh I mean well well okay like like um so podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place so well uh you know you know so you know okay well download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a uh uh um um um like um um uh special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My so I mean like uh okay okay well I mean uh name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with well well I mean I mean uh you know so um uh me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could I mean uh I mean you know um you know so I mean I mean but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally uh so uh so um uh like like um say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For so um well uh well I mean okay um like like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this well uh well you know okay well you know well well. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet okay I mean I mean well well okay so so um company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full so well uh uh you know well uh well um name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And well um like okay like you know uh uh well I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo cartridge I mean you know like so um you know you know you know so Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and you know uh you know you know okay so so okay like I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for like well well um like well you know you know okay you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week well you know uh uh um you know uh well um including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and okay you know I mean um I mean you know you know uh I mean then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in I mean well I mean um uh well well you know I mean the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I I mean I mean well well uh um well okay you know also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he like you know uh you know so okay you know like um hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version uh so okay you know you know uh well uh uh. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that you know you know so I mean I mean you know like like so all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia you know you know uh I mean I mean okay um uh well of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make you know um like um well well I mean um I mean fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly you know so like well you know okay I mean so um. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our um you know uh so like okay like so you know episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a uh uh uh so uh well uh so um podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools so okay uh so I mean so so so well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know okay well okay well uh you know you know like computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify so so uh um so you know um you know well Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no well like you know so um I mean you know you know so minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the like I mean so you know so you know so uh well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome okay you know I mean uh uh um like uh well to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm well you know so okay like like well uh okay a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio like um like okay you know I mean well I mean I mean ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El so uh okay well um you know you know you know um dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in like well okay you know you know like well I mean well this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting well uh um well okay okay I mean like um race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have well like um well well like so okay okay week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So I mean okay like like so um like well okay March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, okay like so you know well okay so okay uh I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I like okay I mean uh okay like I mean okay okay just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a I mean so okay like you know I mean like um um class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, um uh you know um like you know uh well you know we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had um so like you know like so so like well like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was um like well you know okay well um um so like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the so you know um okay so uh like um okay hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of I mean okay okay I mean so I mean I mean you know like the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly I mean I mean you know okay I mean I mean like so I mean about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists okay I mean I mean you know I mean um uh I mean I mean and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium like um well uh like okay you know so I mean account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save okay uh I mean you know uh like uh like I mean a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So well um like uh well well um um um you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your so um like okay so so you know like well friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever um uh uh you know well um like okay uh and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps uh okay well uh okay you know like um um downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already uh like so so so um um um well download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in like you know well I mean uh well so okay okay the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never well okay I mean I mean okay like you know uh so miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode I mean well well well okay you know so uh I mean. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where okay like okay well uh okay like you know okay we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, you know I mean well um uh okay like um uh what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so far um um uh okay I mean I mean I mean um okay. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since you know okay so um I mean um so well um last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax that like um um like um like uh so well can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't think um like so um so you know uh uh I mean they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did go to like um like um uh like like um so Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see I mean like okay so you know well uh uh I mean some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had some good beer okay well so well uh I mean okay like um. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now okay so so okay you know you know I mean uh uh look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show I mean you know um uh okay so well so uh and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good I mean uh um like so I mean um um you know season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you you know so so um you know um you know you know I mean since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I uh well so well uh well I mean well okay could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart uh I mean so okay like well uh uh okay of my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the so you know well well uh well like you know like big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in uh well uh um so so okay I mean you know high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she like okay so um you know I mean um I mean you know brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you know you know okay I mean uh like I mean uh um you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel I mean okay so so like okay so I mean well like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for um like uh so uh so um uh you know months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast um you know so like um I mean I mean you know you know and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and distribute well okay um I mean I mean uh um um uh your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will uh okay you know so okay um so um you know do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and you know you know uh I mean you know um like so you know all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And like like um so so you know okay you know um it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you okay like um well so so okay okay okay need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or I mean well you know like so um like you know uh go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- uh I mean uh well well okay okay well uh go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the okay so I mean um well uh well so well inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room I mean like so like okay uh like so like 237. So for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the so well uh okay uh I mean okay okay you know original old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It uh uh you know like you know you know I mean you know okay was one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the so I mean I mean I mean um I mean well like you know first ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this so you know I mean like I mean um well I mean you know movie when I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and you know um so well well so you know uh you know violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling um okay so uh like you know so uh um yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I you know well so okay uh uh so I mean well talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just uh well well so so uh okay um well Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time okay well so um you know um I mean um you know what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm like so okay okay you know like so well okay going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And like um okay okay okay I mean you know well well it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for a you know so um like well like okay um you know long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our life like um um so like well okay well well and so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that story and um so I mean well well um so um um memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going to have you know like okay I mean um you know uh um like a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing stories about so well well I mean you know you know you know okay uh good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans okay uh so well uh uh uh um I mean and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me not I mean like um you know well I mean uh well well just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's um like I mean like so okay uh uh well exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that you know so I mean um like okay so so you know explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow uh okay um like um uh um um like scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like okay uh okay like you know I mean um so well this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around okay um you know you know I mean um like like okay a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor well like you know well okay well um like um Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not well I mean well like you know like like like like best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly well so uh uh I mean uh uh uh well. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about how um like well I mean well um you know like like we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a lie feels um well um you know like okay like you know um like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's uh uh like okay like uh okay I mean so been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time with um like uh um like well well like so you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other week okay um uh um um like so so you know. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you uh um okay um um so okay you know like really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt you know you know uh so like uh um I mean so already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's I mean well so I mean uh so I mean well well spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on my so like well so I mean you know you know uh well jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same scanning um you know you know you know I mean okay okay you know well that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just gulped water well okay you know well um well uh um okay into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah well okay you know like well you know you know um um. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start um so I mean you know um okay um okay so brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a you know uh you know okay um okay okay like okay little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk so okay I mean like well well I mean well um about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame um okay okay uh you know uh uh you know okay incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family like uh um you know so like so you know you know in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because so uh uh like so okay like um I mean she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when I mean well I mean I mean like well you know like well she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth you know like so um so I mean um well well. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or like I mean um I mean you know well so uh like try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going well uh okay so um okay so you know okay on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this like I mean I mean okay well so so you know okay podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that so I mean um so okay um I mean uh uh being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's okay I mean okay like you know um well like like quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow like okay you know okay so you know I mean I mean well through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that so I mean okay um I mean you know like uh you know in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our I mean you know I mean like well uh uh you know uh backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for like okay like I mean you know so uh I mean you know rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So well I mean I mean um okay well uh um well a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan you know okay I mean you know uh uh like uh like and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a you know uh so I mean you know like like okay I mean lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just well like like okay so um so well um straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye like so uh um like uh so um uh introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home I mean um I mean um uh so well well uh though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year I mean you know you know I mean like um okay um so from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great you know so so so you know like um um I mean. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy like so um well well um um like I mean. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast you know so like well I mean okay okay you know um back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool okay um um uh I mean like well uh so thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give you know you know okay you know I mean okay uh so okay away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't okay um okay I mean uh I mean uh uh you know like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple so uh um um okay so like so like weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do um I mean like well I mean well okay uh so some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and well well you know so like well so you know um Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and just well well uh um so so you know I mean I mean tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before well okay um like um you know okay okay like and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to uh um um well um um so like well see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something like um like uh uh uh so like uh specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any you know well you know um you know okay um like so other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love you well like well so I mean I mean you know so well catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is I mean well uh so like I mean um like I mean not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to like okay I mean uh uh you know like uh um drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety. This um like so I mean like you know okay so I mean show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want to encourage um okay well well um well you know you know well healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs uh well you know well okay um okay okay well or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering like like okay well okay you know um uh well alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me well so uh like you know well so so well explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and um um like um like like you know you know I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your well so uh like like um like okay so podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many well like okay you know uh uh like so like many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener okay okay you know so uh well um um you know ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try um you know you know you know so like I mean well so together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young um you know you know uh like like you know you know okay and I was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at so okay well uh I mean so okay okay like that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the like like so like so okay um you know I mean series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted well well um so like okay well like like to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most I mean uh well like well you know you know like uh importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about it okay I mean like uh uh I mean I mean so you know. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just well well I mean you know okay you know okay uh I mean talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made I mean like uh you know um uh you know so um me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut down well uh uh so you know uh you know so so due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in well so I mean uh like so well you know um their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies you know so so I mean well okay so um I mean active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship that's you know um well um um okay um so like discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning um okay you know you know um like um like um so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls so well uh like uh okay like well like go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little um well so okay so I mean like okay like shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to well okay so you know uh uh well um uh say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was okay well I mean so you know like I mean I mean I mean little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that uh well like like uh okay uh well okay you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us um so okay well like well well well I mean. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be well like you know okay like so you know so so hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it uh you know I mean well like so well uh I mean anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them so well okay well like like uh you know okay everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk well I mean I mean um I mean you know um okay okay about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking well like so you know like like um okay I mean pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the like you know so I mean uh like I mean um uh the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts like well uh so uh um okay well uh and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I okay okay I mean like you know well okay you know like mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about you know uh you know um I mean you know um I mean um the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick well um uh well like um uh you know um into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and I mean so you know well well you know I mean well uh idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it okay well so so uh okay um I mean uh down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing uh like so okay like you know like uh so about what we came up with what we what we have found to be you know well you know well I mean so well I mean well true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor uh okay um you know uh you know like so I mean app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a I mean like well um I mean so you know you know um podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for many like so um okay uh uh you know um like reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have like so so well um so uh okay uh to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools um well like like uh okay okay um like that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your well uh uh I mean like you know okay well um computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you okay like okay you know so well you know well like don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so so like you know you know I mean like I mean I mean many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money like you know like you know um uh um okay uh. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to you know well like um I mean you know I mean I mean so read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on like so like I mean okay like okay I mean well your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher well well like uh you know I mean like I mean uh a student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive uh you know you know you know uh well so okay okay person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to so okay well I mean okay like so well you know grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will um you know um uh I mean uh well uh um be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like uh I mean you know so uh okay like uh uh a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck well you know so like like you know you know well um. It's okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just well like so like I mean okay uh uh I mean keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I so um I mean um I mean uh so I mean well got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this uh I mean like like well you know uh so like first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if okay you know you know I mean like um so okay so it is we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit like like I mean I mean I mean so I mean well okay us - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the uh um well like okay so like well like flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, you know uh okay like well so okay well I mean welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined well okay you know uh like like I mean you know well the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring um um well so uh um uh so you know spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All so um uh um so I mean I mean like okay hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back so uh I mean so you know like uh okay well. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot of well you know like I mean uh you know I mean um well setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work like well I mean so well uh uh uh like. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start you know okay I mean you know like uh um okay well here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the so okay uh like well you know so so I mean same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of well you know so uh like I mean so okay uh the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want to see uh you know like well you know I mean uh uh like against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers you know well um you know so you know okay like um the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the blue okay okay so okay um okay um uh I mean bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How okay okay I mean so like okay so so so are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you so okay so um uh you know so so I mean apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked. I actually okay I mean okay uh well well I mean well you know had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is the first uh okay um um uh so I mean I mean like time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack um well like I mean so well um like so. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All like okay okay I mean you know well okay like you know right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really okay I mean you know um okay so so you know well talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's I mean well like I mean uh um you know you know you know good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay uh um um um okay like um you know like. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you I mean like I mean okay like well um uh okay know kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting so uh like okay uh well well I mean well me for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to you know like I mean like I mean you know you know I mean like this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here uh so okay um like well like like well. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, well like so well like you know like um I mean what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what um well I mean I mean you know like like um like links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest uh okay so you know you know like like okay I mean thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free you know I mean uh well so well well um um anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In okay okay well you know okay okay like so okay this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am Sapphire okay you know so so you know um so um like cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time so um I mean okay well I mean so like I mean. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing I mean uh uh like um okay uh I mean so the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled well like so like I mean I mean like like okay to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire so well okay uh you know um like okay uh at gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear you know well you know you know like I mean like um you know and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going uh so okay I mean you know well okay I mean well with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the um well uh so I mean I mean um like okay meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two well I mean okay um okay I mean okay I mean I mean Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a you know okay um well well well you know so so last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw so you know you know okay well so well uh uh confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was so uh uh well um uh you know okay like issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because uh well uh I mean you know uh I mean so okay they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She uh uh um you know so uh so I mean um skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free I mean um um so um well you know okay you know starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump I mean um like I mean like I mean so so um of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle um you know well uh so I mean well like uh so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum like um um okay so uh you know so you know bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got a I mean you know like uh uh I mean well I mean you know fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game of okay so um you know I mean you know I mean you know uh new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has ended up like uh okay like um um you know okay well getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna win I mean like okay I mean I mean you know well well uh the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it. So I mean um uh so I mean I mean okay so um stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going to end uh so so uh so so uh so okay off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season coming up and I mean uh okay well well so um I mean so we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I like uh I mean like uh you know like you know so hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had um so uh like uh well you know so um a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls uh well uh you know um um okay you know well on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today I mean you know you know like uh like so well uh they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night uh uh okay well uh uh uh um uh toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush you know uh okay uh you know like okay okay okay the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this um you know uh okay like I mean um so okay week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai you know okay um like I mean um well like I mean the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a um I mean well uh um well well like so country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong I mean I mean um well uh like you know um so Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch or well um um uh you know you know I mean like you know brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going so um okay okay well uh um so uh to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus and so you know uh um I mean um I mean uh you know to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation um like like so okay okay like like like about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to like like well you know well you know okay um okay try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the well you know well you know well okay okay so okay media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like last week so I mean like um uh well um okay so in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back okay okay I mean like um like so you know so to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch like you know okay like well I mean so um you know of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of uh I mean like I mean uh uh I mean I mean okay stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm so so uh um like like okay uh like picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia like so um like uh well so so so class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to um um well well um like you know well uh them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just so I mean you know okay like you know okay I mean you know messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first uh like uh uh you know uh I mean like okay spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with um I mean uh like so um like okay so us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff okay like well you know like like well like so to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's I mean um I mean I mean okay I mean uh uh so not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on well okay I mean you know so well so like okay the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, so I mean okay uh um well um uh like this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track uh so like uh I mean I mean you know I mean so me where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here uh uh I mean so well I mean okay um so. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a well so you know so so okay um well um half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it I mean um you know okay like like you know uh okay was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof I mean well okay uh you know well uh I mean like. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a uh I mean I mean well uh I mean like I mean well fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our well so so uh um well okay okay you know number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there okay so you know I mean okay so like I mean I mean were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure I mean well uh well like okay like you know I mean what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also okay I mean so okay like you know so so um objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids so um you know okay okay you know um um uh on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state so like okay so so um so um um funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the uh uh uh so like so you know I mean you know top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to you know so like okay I mean I mean so uh okay 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with the okay you know um well you know well um like so sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports you know okay uh well you know uh uh so you know events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness you know okay so you know like well okay okay so special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym well well I mean uh uh um you know uh um on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed you know um um okay um you know okay like so with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about like like um well you know um well so um the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity um you know okay uh uh you know you know uh you know movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and I mean so uh uh well uh I mean okay you know where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have you know uh you know okay okay so uh so so for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity um okay um um so okay like I mean you know the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to okay like like you know um well well well okay it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just you know okay like uh like you know well I mean okay don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the okay you know um uh so so uh okay uh first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something well okay so like um like okay I mean so right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in um okay okay like well so so well I mean this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian well like like like you know um I mean I mean uh writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy well like like okay I mean you know I mean so well Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine uh I mean like so I mean you know I mean like I mean and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings like like you know uh uh uh well like uh characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you uh um uh well I mean you know like well like gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to so okay um well you know okay so uh well get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything um like uh I mean um you know I mean I mean okay that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you uh like uh like um uh um uh I mean through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this you know uh well well um uh uh like well so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your everyday positivity um uh like you know like uh like uh well. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with I mean so uh you know like like you know I mean uh you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it like uh you know uh I mean um I mean um um. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, you know so you know um I mean I mean okay well like please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much so I mean I mean so um well well you know I mean for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and you know okay well okay well you know I mean uh like that you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I mean well like you know I mean um well um um I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is you know I mean uh okay so uh well um well something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very well well like so okay you know okay like okay first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media um um like so so you know uh like you know for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast well okay so so okay well uh I mean well God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon well I mean I mean so so uh uh um you know and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved uh I mean you know um well like okay so uh. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have so so I mean okay I mean you know okay um I mean got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street you know okay so like well so you know so okay Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It like you know uh okay uh uh like so you know would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we so so you know you know uh okay you know um like have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said anything uh um well um like you know um you know so you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm um I mean so okay well uh like uh I mean trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this I mean uh I mean so uh okay so well okay podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for okay well so you know um so I mean okay so one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and okay like well like you know like okay I mean okay you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably well like I mean well I mean so like you know okay going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to well so so like well okay um um you know yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your okay you know well uh so so so like you know first time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice I mean like uh I mean I mean um I mean so so questions that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's I mean um uh okay like like well well um a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like well you know like okay well um um I mean so something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to uh well you know um uh you know well you know I mean the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, you know I mean uh so well like I mean like you know it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as I mean I mean well you know well okay like like like fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or so um okay okay I mean I mean I mean um uh is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool uh well I mean you know like um I mean so I mean. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 okay like I mean you know you know well um you know so degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself okay like um okay like okay I mean like I mean your children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to so you know um uh I mean so um like I mean create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social um like uh okay uh uh okay I mean okay media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I uh you know uh well well well like well so am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 uh so uh uh I mean you know um uh um 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and uh uh so you know I mean like like okay you know distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody um you know like uh uh uh okay uh okay. I have a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest uh um I mean well uh I mean uh like so is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team of talented like I mean well okay like um well okay well creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting at you know you know um so I mean you know so I mean like Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York and then uh okay okay like I mean um uh uh so joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around okay okay you know you know uh uh uh okay uh good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version final here are um you know so I mean uh like well well you know a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they became interested in so um well like like like so so um advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and okay um well you know like so so so so we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really like um so you know you know like well um I mean young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're uh uh I mean I mean like well I mean you know okay not a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm uh well okay well uh like well like so gonna go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode so well uh uh uh um um okay well of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is well uh I mean well uh okay um uh okay Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they um uh okay um I mean okay you know well I mean hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very like okay you know I mean um uh I mean like um boring. How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very you know I mean like um okay um uh like I mean different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can you know I mean like like um so okay okay like talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and I mean um like okay uh you know I mean uh okay FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot like okay like um well um you know uh uh of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of uh um like so well you know you know I mean okay you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then well you know um okay like so I mean okay okay move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, okay like like um okay well I mean uh um so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and that's okay so I mean I mean uh um uh well okay pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm um like so um so like okay um like not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we you know I mean you know well okay um okay so I mean try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to uh um so um um like um like you know make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like um uh I mean like I mean well well I mean you know sets and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on YouTube um so you know like I mean okay like like like. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson you know like you know I mean like okay um so so joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who well okay uh okay um I mean you know I mean I mean just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? well so okay so um you know so like well Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We well um like so like so so so so normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin like like well um uh you know um you know you know Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not so you know okay uh so well okay you know well as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of uh so okay I mean well you know so okay uh Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of uh uh well like well um well like you know changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday so um uh uh you know you know so okay like. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just like like like um well so well you know uh want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is doing okay um okay well um I mean uh uh I mean and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's well you know um like okay like okay I mean uh why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting off so um so you know uh okay like I mean you know because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out so well uh okay well so like like well weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So well like uh I mean you know okay like I mean so they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend um you know you know uh okay I mean you know uh um. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole okay like okay okay well uh like uh so different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you okay uh um um uh like um um so guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his so okay uh so you know okay so um you know medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a you know uh like so well well uh okay well living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll um okay well uh like I mean like um so talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving like okay like um um so like uh I mean Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here okay well uh well well okay like I mean uh to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for uh I mean you know okay well okay so um like Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees you know like like um well so uh uh I mean on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship well um uh like um well I mean you know you know Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the well um uh you know okay so well so well game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that like so you know you know so uh I mean so well demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a well like um you know I mean um okay so you know broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly like I mean like like you know like you know um you know because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today like so um you know so I mean like uh uh. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously okay okay I mean I mean um um uh you know um cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the like well I mean um um um well I mean well u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the virus you know uh I mean uh uh uh okay I mean um and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way on economic okay you know you know uh um so okay you know okay activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled well okay um um um so I mean so okay March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being cornered I mean like you know you know okay like uh like I mean in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains is okay um so okay you know like uh like um where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of so okay I mean um um I mean okay well so Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our well uh I mean um I mean you know so well like senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 you know uh well um okay okay you know okay uh today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the okay uh like you know um okay um okay well do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my like okay um I mean I mean okay so like like Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are well so so like you know um um um uh in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my you know you know uh so so so uh well like delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their okay um uh so I mean like I mean well so drink offerings of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon um uh I mean you know I mean okay uh uh like my lips. The Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my so you know well uh uh like okay like um cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places well um like uh okay okay I mean like okay. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who has given okay well so you know okay um you know well I mean me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner. Saskia you know so I mean um so well like like um Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm um I mean I mean okay I mean uh well you know you know not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? you know okay like like so well I mean so well Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map so you know so okay um okay well like um his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is up dude? How are like so I mean you know um I mean I mean you know um you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's well well you know well uh okay okay well like always really good when you can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe I mean okay uh well okay um so I mean you know. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell I mean I mean I mean so uh like okay like okay him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it you know um okay like well um so okay um dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where okay so so so so so well like well a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a um you know uh well well um I mean so like traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one like like uh like so so you know uh uh of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with you know um okay you know you know okay well like uh two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight I mean like um I mean well you know you know like okay electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave okay um uh well like um well like so the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where I mean well you know like um uh I mean so like it could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly okay um well uh well you know okay so uh doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick you know uh so um well like I mean okay well shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my podcast like you know um um I mean uh so I mean I mean and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast you ask? uh like I mean uh you know um you know well I mean Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground. He know me. I you know so so like like well uh uh um had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do I record an episode? uh well I mean okay uh so like uh I mean How do I get my show into like All the apps all the major markets like okay uh like uh you know okay you know like. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, I got the answer like I mean well I mean you know well like okay okay ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is okay so okay uh well okay I mean like so a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you ain't even you know I mean uh I mean well I mean okay okay um got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's well um like um um you know so you know okay the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free I mean you know uh uh um so you know well you know and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit okay well um um so like you know like so your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to well I mean like well I mean okay uh so like Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great so like um uh um okay you know okay um and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great okay well I mean so okay um well um so man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's I mean like so uh um um okay I mean you know everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to so um uh I mean uh you know you know okay um anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in um like I mean so like you know so like um the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in well like like so uh okay so okay you know YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what like you know well uh uh like okay well I mean you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we you know you know okay I mean um so you know like um do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f well uh um well I mean uh I mean like so m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation well well like uh uh okay um you know um tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer I mean like I mean uh um like like you know well check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started like um okay like I mean I mean uh you know um. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the well uh so uh um like you know uh um jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to you know well you know okay so um uh so uh the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with your host Brad you know I mean like uh um uh uh okay um Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be I mean so I mean like uh you know like so well talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this okay um well you know like well I mean uh well juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy I mean like um okay I mean well okay okay you know levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to you know uh uh like um you know you know okay I mean the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to um you know well um well uh you know um so use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in so well well you know uh well so so so our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity okay you know okay um well like like um so. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves uh uh well you know um I mean you know you know so him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man um I mean you know you know uh I mean well you know um who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is well okay um well so well okay well okay all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires okay um well um okay I mean okay well so me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by okay like I mean okay I mean uh so well uh listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all like like so uh I mean well like like I mean begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, so okay well like uh uh well so um of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I I mean I mean um uh like so um okay so always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it so you know I mean you know um I mean so like um like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really you know well you know okay okay uh well okay I mean know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know well you know um well uh um okay so I mean that because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean like okay uh okay uh like um um okay Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and like you know uh well uh so so you know uh just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying okay I mean like um so okay so okay so to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right direction um um you know so I mean so you know uh so. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the so you know uh you know um um like like you know mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night well uh uh so you know uh um you know uh and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck I mean like um uh so you know so uh uh it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so uh uh like um I mean uh I mean you know so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure I mean um you know so well so okay like you know you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a uh you know so okay okay uh well uh you know lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing like well you know you know I mean um well you know um very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload you know so uh okay you know okay I mean um um this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is like so so so uh you know so like you know it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, okay like I mean well uh so you know I mean uh it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just like um like I mean I mean um like like okay dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do like like uh okay well so uh um I mean things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and um so okay you know I mean I mean okay well you know edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is uh okay like I mean okay so so like uh so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere uh um uh well so like like like so else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out well you know um uh um I mean I mean I mean you know so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places well okay um I mean well I mean you know you know well. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any uh like well um like okay so uh uh way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your um like um uh you know um like like uh podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start okay okay okay uh uh well um um so making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you I mean um uh uh okay well I mean um um need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast okay um so you know uh so um like um. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to okay like okay so uh okay I mean I mean well record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast I mean I mean so I mean well um uh you know like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can uh uh well so like okay you know I mean okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a um I mean okay I mean you know I mean so like I mean podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my well okay I mean uh okay you know well okay uh friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties uh uh okay um okay uh so um um are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she you know you know okay I mean uh uh you know like like loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the like um I mean like I mean like well so like girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but um so you know so so you know you know you know like within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with um so you know I mean uh um okay I mean um her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right like so you know okay I mean so so I mean like away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining I mean well like well um so okay well so to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine so okay uh well um I mean so uh like to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an so like okay well well like uh well um important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their you know well like so I mean you know uh uh like Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what like like so um well so um well um they would like and as a man this is important to your success. This is um so um you know um uh so okay well ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want to become a like so okay like I mean um I mean I mean like man of value so that way other men or other people in general can um like like you know like I mean so okay so lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal uh like so um you know so I mean you know so. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who so okay like um well so okay I mean okay cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to so well um I mean well okay okay I mean uh do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to um so so okay like okay uh well I mean explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes okay so you know well like I mean well um like to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this week I mean um okay like uh I mean um well like. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout you know well so um I mean uh like I mean you know fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely you know you know um well I mean you know like so you know to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously um well you know I mean you know I mean okay so so we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect okay okay you know you know you know like so like so to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not I mean like so well you know I mean okay um I mean quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we um uh you know you know so you know uh you know okay had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the I mean uh like well you know I mean I mean well so podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want to well like uh okay I mean uh I mean uh so hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So um uh so well uh okay um I mean well myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got like like okay uh so okay okay you know okay our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so like so I mean so I mean I mean like I mean you know so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you so um um I mean so well um so so there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably okay so well um uh like uh well you know die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a so I mean uh well so uh I mean I mean well man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested you know so like you know you know uh you know I mean um this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in so um well well you know so I mean okay well prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your I mean I mean okay I mean well like I mean well uh coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup um um uh well so like well so well of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his well okay okay um so uh um I mean uh life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here so you know so uh uh well uh you know okay at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do okay I mean I mean I mean I mean okay well um so something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers okay okay okay like so okay uh okay I mean if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to so um uh um okay so okay I mean you know pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going I mean um uh okay you know so I mean you know so to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, like uh um well uh well uh like like I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and well um like I mean well so you know you know I mean I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This like well uh you know I mean well so like so individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is I mean okay okay um uh you know well so you know unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of like um um uh you know you know so you know well wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a well you know you know so uh you know okay um okay professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you okay um you know um uh uh well um I mean through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film like well okay you know um well uh I mean um was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when well you know like I mean like like um um well they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer like so well uh I mean well you know I mean um it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me I mean so like well you know uh okay well you know explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit um I mean uh okay uh you know um you know I mean your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you okay well um uh okay I mean so okay like. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money I mean um um um you know like like like well from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make uh okay like well so so uh I mean you know podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get I mean I mean well okay uh like um like you know started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence uh uh like you know um like um well well. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, maybe it was uh um uh okay okay I mean okay you know well 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible so well um uh uh uh um like well manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we so well uh um okay I mean I mean uh uh think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms uh I mean so okay like well well like okay visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is I mean so like you know I mean you know uh like I mean not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening goodness for uh uh um so so I mean uh I mean okay later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian who inspires kids um I mean so you know I mean so well so uh to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on Instagram at Mister well well uh like you know uh okay you know so D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello well you know you know so okay like you know I mean so and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V. Hey, mr you know like um like I mean uh okay so okay. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the like so okay like okay like okay I mean um jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh okay okay like so you know you know you know uh I mean good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in the uh so uh like uh I mean uh I mean like ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for uh okay you know uh well so I mean okay like a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, okay well you know well like okay um okay well it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need I mean well I mean so uh uh so so so to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? I mean you know like I mean um I mean well um I mean We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you okay um you know um uh like I mean you know um can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that um um so okay you know um so um uh means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations you know like um you know so okay so so you know with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight you know I mean um okay okay so uh you know you know. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you know like like you know well um like I mean well you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our uh well uh well uh so okay so you know haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends every um uh okay so I mean okay um uh uh Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of this urban well so you know like so uh well okay so legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and um you know uh okay okay uh uh um okay death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves well like well like I mean uh uh well well. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And uh well well I mean well so um uh well this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in you know well I mean well like uh I mean uh well the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International so uh I mean like well I mean uh uh like equities as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought you know well well you know I mean well okay I mean you know it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills um like uh okay you know so I mean I mean well aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the you know like so you know um like so okay you know FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do okay well uh okay so um okay um I mean in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much okay um you know well okay so um well um and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P well like well um well I mean you know you know well 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be well um I mean okay uh like I mean okay um about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking like um well uh like so I mean well well dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure I mean like so like so you know so you know like about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I mean so so well like uh like I mean well I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It you know I mean uh uh okay well like I mean so was only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to um well okay you know um so uh well I mean do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that uh I mean like um so uh well um well. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to you know like um um I mean so so uh you know I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down I mean so you know like like well uh uh well the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to you know so like so like like like so you know 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off uh okay uh um like you know um you know um gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events like like okay you know I mean okay um okay so from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen you know like so okay okay you know well you know so free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final okay um so I mean well you know I mean well um buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed um you know um um um like uh so uh the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they okay like well okay uh you know I mean I mean I mean slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr um uh I mean okay well you know okay okay okay. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology so um I mean you know um um okay I mean uh. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping you know you know you know so okay so like well so people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week you know so okay like I mean well okay so uh as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing um like I mean so okay okay um like well with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like you know I mean so uh uh uh uh uh okay sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest you know okay you know um okay well so um so fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a I mean um you know I mean you know well so okay uh rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks so uh like you know like okay uh um well to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills well well I mean uh so so you know uh um towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this okay um I mean uh um uh you know you know well Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know so like well well like you know um you know well where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte you know you know I mean well uh like like well so did not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking well I mean like well um well okay uh well to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor well well like like okay so I mean okay like. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, um I mean you know I mean okay um I mean um so like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do uh so um uh okay uh I mean you know like you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the okay you know like like okay um uh um so app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how you know I mean you know um you know like uh you know you know I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use I mean well okay well so I mean um you know um. It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation so um I mean so okay I mean like well okay tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so like um I mean uh well well you know okay computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it uh I mean uh okay you know uh uh well so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute uh okay you know so um like like you know so it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you um uh you know well you know so well okay well can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you um um okay uh I mean so uh I mean okay need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started well like um so I mean I mean uh you know you know making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app okay well like uh so like you know like okay or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I I mean um well you know uh uh like I mean okay am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I well you know well so okay like so I mean you know was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song um okay okay uh okay okay you know okay so as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it so you know uh you know you know I mean okay uh um did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me uh I mean I mean uh I mean uh like I mean well of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I well you know I mean um okay um okay so um mean, first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've you know so you know I mean you know well you know uh I mean got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and well so well I mean okay uh uh well I mean He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to like uh um I mean uh okay I mean you know like it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We okay well you know um well you know um uh um need to give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle um okay okay so so I mean well uh you know and I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to you know okay like like well I mean well you know um lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost um okay so I mean so uh like well uh the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we so okay like like uh like um you know like are actually making books and when you think about this, this is really you know like so so you know you know so I mean um a mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school to people but um like like okay so well like I mean like this is really one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be you know you know so okay um well okay you know uh better off if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My you know you know so I mean like so okay like you know parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books so you know you know well like okay like well um. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going so um like so you know like so um uh digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing um uh well you know well so uh okay okay everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so so well well so so okay okay so podcast. Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but um well uh I mean okay you know uh uh um not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with like well well well okay I mean like so like. There's no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it you know like like so like like you know uh I mean works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no so well uh well well like uh okay well money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want well okay like well I mean um okay I mean so to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know like you know well well uh so like uh right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you uh so I mean like um um uh so okay. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money well I mean okay so uh uh like you know so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast okay well you know uh um uh uh okay I mean Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know you know like well you know okay like like so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster you know so you know you know so so okay well okay. We talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they you know so okay you know well you know you know so uh were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body so well I mean like okay so well I mean well. I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome like like I mean so um I mean you know well so to the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start um you know you know you know so uh um okay uh with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real I mean so so like um I mean uh so like life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super well um like so I mean you know uh uh um important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to okay like you know well um I mean so I mean like talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking um I mean okay um um um like so so to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love like uh okay so well well you know I mean so Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money like okay you know I mean I mean like you know okay well you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional you know um like I mean you know um um so well life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions you know so so um you know like like so um from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for us so you know you know well you know like okay I mean um to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we um um like um I mean I mean so um um go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked uh um well um like uh uh like so about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a okay I mean okay you know okay like I mean um uh little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise okay you know you know uh uh I mean um like I mean I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor uh you know you know well well uh so so uh five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is um like okay you know um like okay okay uh Jeff Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in um so um like um okay I mean you know well sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we so so like um uh okay well I mean um all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday like okay like um so so um well uh. And wow. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card you know like so you know I mean so um well um Market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing I mean okay uh um like you know you know so well things. I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is um like you know okay like I mean uh uh you know Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on so um so um you know okay I mean you know I mean the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all I mean um okay okay okay I mean like I mean I mean things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? um you know I mean um okay uh I mean like um Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I uh I mean you know um um uh well um um should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my I mean I mean well okay uh um I mean so um podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do uh like you know uh so so okay so you know it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much like okay uh I mean you know you know so well uh so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's okay um well like so I mean okay like uh so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago and like okay I mean like um um well so uh you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't like I mean okay uh so okay so so so you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow I mean uh I mean like I mean you know okay um you know amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a okay uh okay so okay so uh you know um release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget uh I mean uh well so uh uh okay like the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened well um um I mean well well you know um so to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the like so you know well so okay okay I mean you know shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, like uh well you know well I mean well you know I mean I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but like uh well well uh okay you know well like I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out so I mean okay like well I mean um you know I mean. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or well okay um so I mean you know okay uh okay stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's I mean so like so okay so uh um okay going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen uh okay like well um you know okay um so to it for a while and then when you actually then go right I mean um okay um so um you know you know um let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you you know I mean you know um like so okay you know um teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or um like you know okay okay um well okay so little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based so I mean uh like okay I mean like uh well regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our bodies uh uh so um well well okay you know so and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's I mean well like so I mean uh well you know I mean in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the well like so I mean I mean well you know I mean I mean 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its um um uh well you know well uh you know well cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that I mean well like well um well well so well topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working you know okay um I mean you know uh so okay like Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in well so uh so well um you know so you know the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant um so you know uh you know like so okay like governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a you know well okay so like um um uh you know little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts I mean so okay um so well um so you know. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools well uh so okay well well well so I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer you know well okay you know okay um well well well and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts so you know um okay well okay okay um okay and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You don't okay you know um um you know well so like okay need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need so okay um um um okay okay well so to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and accessible you know well so okay uh okay okay so like and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to okay I mean well uh you know I mean so well um Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like okay you know you know okay well so okay well I mean the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast like well so okay uh uh uh um I mean. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll like you know okay um so so I mean okay so be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning so okay uh well okay um well I mean uh and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next like okay okay like um so okay like um few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some uh I mean I mean so I mean uh well um you know inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word you know um you know uh um like you know I mean okay of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your um well well okay you know uh okay um you know life if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and like so uh you know like uh so you know okay just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and like like I mean um okay um well um well privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me you know uh okay like like okay um um well explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your like so uh okay okay like like you know like podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So okay I mean um um you know like so okay um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make um so okay I mean like okay uh well like money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to uh I mean okay well well well uh well so make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM so I mean um well I mean well like uh you know to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited okay like um okay so you know like um uh about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom like like so like you know uh um uh I mean expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about like uh uh well I mean so so so like how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your uh so okay um you know so um you know um personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name you know like okay well okay well well I mean like is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear you know um I mean well you know uh well okay you know talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very um okay um um um well uh I mean um I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell um so I mean well so I mean like um uh me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, okay you know okay okay well so so you know so and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up I mean I mean well so well well I mean well I mean so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 uh I mean uh you know uh uh okay well you know let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic you know um um well so um okay uh um moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just so uh you know um like you know you know I mean so don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're okay so okay um um like so uh okay all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories so uh okay so so like you know um I mean from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st so okay so um okay you know you know okay you know. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm well so like um um well uh well you know the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy you know um I mean um um well uh um uh Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you um so um okay like well um well you know today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm okay like uh like uh you know like like I mean due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were so I mean like um um I mean uh okay well in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition I mean uh well you know so well I mean so you know of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest um like so uh I mean uh uh uh so this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do well um um uh uh well you know uh like some things that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast well uh uh you know well uh like well you know and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the uh okay well so you know uh um like okay episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles well well well um well I mean you know so you know and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin well well like um um I mean I mean I mean I mean Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to I mean I mean I mean like I mean I mean okay like so understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations so well you know I mean so well so I mean uh in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having okay well okay I mean so you know like well like a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who um okay uh um like you know like like I mean is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to uh um you know well like um okay um well be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, you know I mean you know well well um um like I mean so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want to start um okay okay I mean okay I mean well uh you know it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do uh well you know I mean okay so um um um well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live you know uh well like you know like uh I mean um. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop uh uh um uh well I mean so okay you know doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, well so so um I mean you know um okay like how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would you I mean so okay so uh okay so you know um have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick uh like um like you know okay so I mean I mean and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my well I mean okay okay uh okay well okay you know feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong you know well you know uh like uh well okay well tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna uh so well so I mean well well well you know Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for so okay um okay you know uh like I mean well estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals uh you know uh you know well well uh well well perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career like um like uh okay like so like like Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the I mean uh so um you know uh you know I mean okay treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm you know so uh like like um so okay well Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We I mean okay like okay uh um uh you know uh would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the questions like I mean you know I mean you know I mean um I mean uh that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles well okay well okay well well okay so like. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is um so well like well you know um well I mean Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my well um I mean um I mean you know you know uh okay daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have um uh well you know I mean well you know okay I mean stumbled. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on you know well you know like uh um I mean so uh America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I um uh um so okay okay uh I mean so have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you know uh uh I mean so um well well uh you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song you know um so you know you know um you know uh like and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today like I mean okay uh uh like well um like as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna I mean you know so well like like you know like I mean talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a I mean well uh like okay okay like okay okay special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a I mean um you know so okay I mean okay so um music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians so like so I mean um like you know you know I mean that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them okay like like so okay um like uh you know questions about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So well you know you know like um like um so like we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to okay so okay um like you know um like uh create and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live like so I mean well um well well um you know in a music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to so well like well like I mean okay I mean okay get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made you know uh um okay okay okay uh um you know with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for I mean so like uh well I mean well you know okay spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the um I mean I mean like um well uh okay uh only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this so I mean so I mean okay like um you know so since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name like you know um well um well okay I mean uh is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger so you know uh you know like so I mean uh you know has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday so I mean like I mean like well I mean um um. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the you know so um like um okay so well I mean middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted uh okay I mean well okay like I mean um well all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I I mean like I mean so okay like um uh okay have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting well okay like um you know so like I mean uh your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called okay I mean like like like um so well like anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation well well so you know um you know okay well like tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um like so you know okay um well you know I mean your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard you know um I mean so so you know like uh I mean on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast okay uh well you know like well like I mean I mean with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make okay uh you know okay um uh well okay well sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get well uh well like so uh I mean um um ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you I mean I mean uh you know I mean like you know I mean uh the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth okay well like um so um I mean uh uh 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney well like like you know so so okay okay uh plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at okay um you know well okay you know okay you know like BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold okay you know okay like like so well so um that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating not long you know I mean you know uh well um like um uh ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll you know so well so okay like okay so well be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid um like you know uh I mean well I mean well okay Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or like uh I mean um um well you know you know okay straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few um uh okay uh you know you know okay uh so times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at okay okay okay I mean okay uh um like well least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see so uh you know like like so so um I mean in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what okay like um so okay I mean okay you know you know you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and well you know I mean um so well like uh um subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel like um so well well okay I mean uh well movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you know I mean um okay uh um uh I mean so you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show um uh um so so I mean like I mean you know start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your uh like um okay like um so okay so brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk okay um uh okay you know I mean you know so um about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior okay um uh you know uh well so uh okay Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over I mean well um okay so so um uh you know the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The um well like um like like I mean like you know Ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on um uh I mean I mean I mean like you know well so and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its I mean well so okay so um uh I mean you know Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to so so um um like um like uh I mean get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided well so I mean well so so okay okay so that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So well so well um I mean so like uh like yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured so okay um like well well okay like okay why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and like so okay so like you know you know um well certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the well you know so um uh uh well so well Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, uh like you know you know um you know um uh I mean I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in um well you know well so so well like uh a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a you know okay okay you know I mean well uh um so cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about I mean you know um I mean uh um I mean um so to hear and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out well I mean so uh um um like I mean um our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today like so like um you know I mean okay so okay in True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is like um like so uh well well um okay Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a okay so you know um like you know I mean you know well junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby well uh so I mean um I mean well uh uh after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to be a like uh so uh okay so um so well Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one back you know like well uh so I mean well like I mean after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses. Just let's okay you know I mean well you know I mean I mean I mean you know just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came back to okay um uh you know like so so okay so UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you um um uh um uh so you know um um. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void okay like so uh so um like okay okay missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of people uh okay well I mean I mean um um like like have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a so uh like so well well I mean so like what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what like uh you know um uh um okay uh I mean we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is well I mean so you know you know um you know you know well in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going well okay like you know you know so so well you know on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more well okay well um so so um I mean so than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new you know you know like uh so um you know uh uh season. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people well okay okay I mean okay like you know okay I mean. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's like well I mean uh uh uh you know I mean like some I love okay so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles so um like um I mean like you know well so The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, I got some things on the okay I mean um I mean okay um so I mean um top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional I mean so well like well um you know well well where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with um I mean like uh you know um I mean like um. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not um um like like okay I mean so uh so lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is uh you know I mean like like uh uh uh well being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us well well uh you know like like um so like an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to um um you know so okay um um I mean uh the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that you know well uh okay like so well like well are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if okay um you know um okay I mean um um you know you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first off okay I mean you know uh well okay you know well you know. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's creation like I mean um so uh like so uh okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well you know like like uh you know uh well well or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made on um uh like so I mean uh you know well so. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify so so well um so I mean I mean so okay Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You I mean well like you know I mean like okay like well don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from your podcast anger will well okay you know well um so um okay so sell the ads for you you record the ones that you want and they you know well I mean you know okay uh so well um go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to make a podcast all in I mean you know I mean well well okay like well okay one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to okay uh um well um well okay like well start now, you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on okay you know you know well you know uh uh okay you know FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor well um like you know uh like um like um for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this you know uh uh so so um so um I mean is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools well uh okay like uh you know I mean well uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and so okay I mean you know well okay uh like um computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard like like you know um um so okay you know you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really I mean like um well uh like um I mean um cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to well okay I mean like okay I mean well okay you know help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make um well um so you know so uh well okay money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a I mean so well I mean okay well uh um you know podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like so I mean well like uh okay like so um this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f okay well um like uh um okay I mean um m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy you know you know you know like okay um okay I mean uh. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What up? you know I mean I mean so uh so so so like And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them. Anyway, when we you know you know so like like um well you know you know show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she um uh like well like well well like like on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the like so I mean I mean um okay well uh I mean podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months um uh uh well well I mean um um I mean. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a like I mean uh well I mean so um well like while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we thought well um so I mean I mean you know you know you know uh that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few you know um well like you know so like uh well older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And if okay okay so um well I mean so so uh we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations I mean okay well um you know you know so so well recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do okay I mean okay uh okay you know I mean um um. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so I mean I mean so uh I mean I mean like you know okay you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to uh I mean well um uh I mean um so you know and then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those you know I mean you know so uh well um um well deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here you know well I mean so you know well um um I mean. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and stories well uh okay okay okay okay okay well you know in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab uh um I mean okay I mean okay I mean like um your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for you know so uh I mean well okay I mean so um this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some I mean um well you know um so okay you know you know of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of I mean I mean like uh well you know well okay so our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our okay um like well I mean um so so like family. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family um so uh so well well like uh uh now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you I mean well like like um like you know you know well for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show uh well you know you know I mean okay uh so so notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the you know I mean I mean I mean so um uh I mean so answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to I mean um uh so well so um well uh know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear I mean well okay well um um you know you know you know it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me um okay I mean like well I mean okay well I mean every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was uh um uh okay um you know I mean I mean okay sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen like well uh I mean well well you know so um to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free uh well so like you know like okay okay okay without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable uh so um okay um I mean like you know um topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium so you know I mean well um well well well so users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you know um um okay uh uh so like so you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, so so like you know you know uh okay uh uh be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or you know you know I mean I mean um uh you know like I mean browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me you know okay so um uh um uh um like. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition um like uh I mean uh you know I mean like like of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of uh um well you know like um I mean I mean um the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where um uh I mean well uh uh I mean like so I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I um I mean well well uh well you know you know you know have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because like well so I mean you know uh uh um well I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it I mean well well okay um um um so you know can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into um okay okay I mean like I mean so you know so this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know um I mean um uh you know so so uh okay better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop I mean uh okay okay like uh um uh okay and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so like I mean okay I mean like uh um um uh very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that okay so uh you know I mean like okay um well he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker um I mean well uh so so okay well like link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for I mean uh so like well um I mean well okay the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too. As like like like I mean so well you know like okay we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind of beverage like like I mean well um um you know I mean so with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with we got um so well you know I mean well so uh I mean the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of you know you know so so uh okay uh um uh the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this uh like like like okay you know so uh okay night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background I mean okay I mean uh um so okay well um on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus I mean I mean so so I mean okay like I mean so the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with you know I mean I mean um uh well I mean I mean you know Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to uh well well okay um uh I mean uh you know help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart like I mean I mean I mean so um well you know so and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, okay like uh I mean like you know uh well like March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick you know um okay I mean like um you know like okay Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore um uh um uh so like uh uh like exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of uh like well you know like so um uh I mean one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but so you know um well um you know you know I mean you know you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to I mean I mean you know like uh you know um like like help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to well I mean you know okay like like you know like so two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover you know I mean okay uh like uh so okay like all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style uh okay you know uh like okay well like you know question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need um you know I mean uh so well okay like um to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your like you know okay I mean so okay um like okay hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope so um you know I mean you know okay um so you know women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this episode um like um um I mean so um uh uh. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business okay you know like okay okay okay like so like feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads I mean you know I mean well like okay well like well. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as okay well okay uh uh okay so well um other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking okay okay um okay you know um I mean like well cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my well like well you know well like you know uh um apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what well I mean okay um okay uh I mean like like happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like subletting and uh well okay like well uh you know um um whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they the cops okay uh well well you know I mean uh like uh just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah um um well you know like like you know like like. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just like so uh I mean um um I mean okay like like got right and did not try to get to know me at all was uh I mean so uh like you know okay so uh like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, let's um like okay um uh you know uh like um fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do so well uh you know well like uh I mean you know this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to so uh like uh well like I mean uh you know business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I I mean I mean well you know I mean so well okay well always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? you know like well well well so uh um you know And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and okay uh you know you know well uh uh okay okay she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's well I mean um um you know like well uh so word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply like well okay um well so uh um okay on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning and I mean so I mean okay like I mean okay um um joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually so I mean uh uh okay so um so uh want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast like uh you know okay you know um um um so form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee uh okay well like um you know like uh um podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your well I mean um I mean okay so well so well feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you um okay uh I mean I mean you know uh uh uh like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee like so I mean like well okay well I mean so with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited uh well I mean uh you know I mean um well uh about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your so so um uh like um um you know okay phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and uh uh I mean uh okay okay okay you know uh your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the uh okay I mean uh okay okay okay well so super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes you know um well uh okay okay um uh so right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I mean I mean like I mean uh okay I mean okay you know I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today uh I mean you know you know like okay I mean I mean so is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me okay um I mean like okay uh um well um. This is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff I mean uh well I mean uh okay uh um you know with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out um well I mean uh well I mean so I mean you know the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank well well uh I mean well I mean so you know well you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being like uh um I mean okay um I mean so well polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes okay like well you know I mean um you know uh well into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than well I mean like I mean so you know uh I mean okay I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's uh you know okay so well like well you know I mean let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month like uh uh um uh so I mean like well or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like you know um um I mean like um well you know I mean tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why so you know well I mean well um like okay um I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why you know you know okay you know like I mean so um so because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means you know so well so you know so I mean well um. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and well uh like um I mean I mean okay um uh I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million okay well so I mean you know uh I mean uh uh dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is well okay okay well well um so you know uh gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes so well okay I mean um so like so okay. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for you know well okay um so well okay okay well a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say like okay so okay I mean okay well so you know the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, so like so okay you know okay I mean so you know yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind I mean like so I mean um well um I mean so of figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long well like you know you know uh like okay you know um and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind I mean like well you know I mean you know um well I mean of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction okay like you know well um um I mean like well home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would uh okay you know so uh okay so um I mean always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all well like well um uh okay you know well okay of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief uh well like well okay you know uh uh so. What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having you know so you know you know like you know I mean you know you know a good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do so okay um uh so uh you know you know okay tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a lot of work done one well okay you know like okay so uh you know like for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I you know so well um okay uh okay uh well woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then um uh like like like um you know um okay 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power I mean uh well you know so like uh you know uh through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with like I mean well okay I mean so uh I mean okay my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh um uh I mean you know so uh you know so like for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I you know so so uh um you know like so like just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching okay well um well like like well um um on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness you know I mean okay like you know uh so you know um at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how um so like uh um I mean uh you know like in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I like um um okay so uh you know like okay am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I I mean um I mean I mean like I mean uh so so highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on I mean so so like like okay okay like um how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's I mean so I mean I mean so I mean well like like tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you you know well so I mean I mean so so uh you know and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app okay you know okay you know so I mean like um I mean or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC okay you know you know like like um you know so like hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to like um uh you know so like um um like another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you like uh so um like I mean like so um so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a um you know uh like uh so um like well name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind um uh well well well well okay you know okay of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast at I mean well I mean I mean well I mean like okay you know Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I uh okay uh um um okay um uh um might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? I I mean I mean well um okay uh okay you know you know figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my okay um um I mean okay I mean like uh like thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook uh well okay okay uh okay so like well Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's okay you know like like um I mean I mean like okay stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee um well you know like so okay I mean like uh and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine um like you know um so um well I mean so. We tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but you know uh um so so uh um like okay also is also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have well so I mean like you know you know I mean um I mean a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying like so um um I mean well you know okay um the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's okay so I mean um I mean I mean uh okay um coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click okay um okay like well um so okay um the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening like so I mean well okay you know I mean um so via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if you know okay like so like uh like you know well you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so uh like uh like like so so you know so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools I mean you know so I mean I mean okay um uh I mean that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / you know uh uh uh well you know okay um um create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward like uh I mean well I mean um uh uh you know slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous so like well I mean well uh I mean I mean like. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure okay um so so you know um like okay um. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest so okay okay uh okay you know I mean uh so son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern well uh like okay you know um like so you know coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to I mean well so okay well well like um you know shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two so well like you know so well okay uh well hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all have um well well like like well like you know like one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're working well okay so you know like um uh so okay twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular so I mean like you know um okay so well I mean shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being so so I mean um I mean um you know uh uh broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and um you know okay okay like um you know so okay thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show like okay well so like I mean I mean um you know where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in you know you know well uh so like like so I mean the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called well okay well um okay um you know uh uh recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys I mean so well well you know uh you know I mean okay play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name is toothpick vocalist you know well like um uh like so you know well for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the well uh I mean okay I mean I mean you know so well X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that um um you know well like so like like like easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed you know I mean you know well you know well um so um more targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got okay well I mean you know you know you know uh well um done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man like well I mean okay I mean um like well you know it was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail uh okay well well um you know okay you know I mean about that here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson well um so you know I mean I mean uh you know um Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? okay like like I mean you know okay well uh so Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me like you know you know I mean um okay okay you know you know and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I okay um okay okay like you know so well uh originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment uh like uh well like well like so so for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on such well um okay you know uh like uh so so a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home both like um so I mean you know I mean uh um well Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this weekend in well okay okay I mean well you know you know so um Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell uh okay okay um you know so well uh I mean us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with Jackson, I mean uh so uh um okay uh well so you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast like okay okay um like well okay well okay so me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much well I mean like well I mean so so like uh for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking like you know like I mean um I mean well so okay the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do like um I mean okay like you know okay you know like not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the so you know I mean so so I mean you know well uh day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was you know well so well I mean I mean uh you know I mean in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment you know well well like uh um well you know so to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what you know I mean like I mean like um uh so um are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to you know well so like okay I mean I mean okay so impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this um like like so well like well you know so passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard you know um I mean well so you know I mean I mean well about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation well you know um okay um you know uh well like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh well okay like well um um well I mean computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple uh so so um okay so I mean uh like podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's so well you know well okay um I mean I mean you know everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the I mean so well I mean well um uh you know okay anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there like so you know okay um I mean uh uh well internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan you know so so well I mean okay so like I mean fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by I mean okay like so um um okay okay I mean Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know so I mean so I mean okay okay well okay I mean that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs like like like okay I mean well like so um is a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with like I mean okay well well you know um I mean uh absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch well I mean you know well so like um um so like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our political discourse uh um I mean so so I mean I mean you know like be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 I mean you know uh okay okay so like you know um years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass so okay so like I mean uh uh I mean I mean technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have you know okay um I mean so okay uh you know like a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to you know um okay um like well I mean I mean um NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth okay you know uh you know I mean like um I mean you know of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about I mean okay you know I mean uh like so like okay starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor I mean like uh um you know um okay I mean um is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation okay so I mean so I mean like okay um well tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or well okay I mean well I mean you know okay okay um computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify so okay you know I mean like I mean well so so Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership I mean um well okay uh um I mean well okay. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre okay you know you know like like well I mean you know you know app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn so uh uh well you know I mean I mean so you know tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal so like I mean well uh okay like I mean okay what scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of like like like um so like I mean you know you know the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free well okay like well um well well well I mean. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like I mean so like you know you know like so um or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard like I mean so um okay so uh I mean okay on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast like um um you know uh so you know so so with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in so okay well um um okay um um um one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome okay okay well okay so um well I mean so to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was okay you know you know like uh okay like I mean you know it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song so okay like like I mean I mean um you know well that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can like like okay um well so well you know you know check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, um uh uh okay I mean like I mean um well March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered like well well uh uh um I mean I mean um starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't um you know like um like uh well well like tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get okay you know um okay um okay um so so it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button uh uh uh uh like well I mean I mean I mean. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many well I mean well uh okay uh like you know well other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone well well well uh well so you know um uh from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do well so uh well you know okay okay you know okay I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They so well well so okay okay um you know well helped me with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a uh okay well I mean I mean uh like I mean okay better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It like okay well like well so uh uh well doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor okay I mean I mean okay so okay you know like I mean dot. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or okay you know I mean so um like well okay so you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction um um I mean I mean like um well I mean uh episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought you know okay you know you know okay you know you know I mean uh I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is uh you know so um um like uh like uh going to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and uh you know okay um like like you know like I mean get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've well like so okay okay well um okay you know played Super kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching like you know you know like so well um uh uh thinking reading listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the so I mean like uh I mean so I mean um you know injuries and so I thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try so uh so like okay well I mean okay you know and give you some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening you know I mean like like okay um so so you know to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to you know so well um okay okay like you know you know management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor uh uh okay uh I mean I mean uh I mean well where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the you know um okay you know uh you know I mean well like Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the like you know I mean okay uh okay uh uh you know battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing I mean like well okay so uh uh well so to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow um okay okay um like so I mean well okay CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in North so well like well okay you know uh so like Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's I mean um well okay you know well like okay so been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go. So here I mean so I mean like like I mean like you know I mean we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why we're uh uh like okay you know like well like so doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right um I mean well I mean okay okay you know well I mean into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always had so uh uh well like like um well I mean for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to okay well you know uh like well you know you know I mean always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful well uh you know I mean um well okay um okay Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary you know okay so um uh um um um um stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban like so I mean like well well so like so legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name well well um I mean um so you know um like is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, so so okay you know okay you know well like like you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next well like um I mean uh I mean okay so okay episode comes out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever I mean uh so um uh so well well well to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash uh okay like I mean well I mean uh uh like episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to well okay uh well well well uh uh like talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are um well well um so okay okay um uh bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American so well so you know I mean like well okay okay markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick I mean um like well okay you know um um like one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought uh you know so um like well uh so I mean to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a like so so uh okay I mean so like so friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He so I mean like okay um um okay okay okay was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download okay okay well um you know okay uh um um that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest way I mean um well I mean um you know so you know well to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed like I mean um I mean you know so I mean um okay yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy I mean I mean well I mean okay okay you know I mean okay Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we um so well you know well uh I mean okay well talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and like you know uh I mean well well so like um on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are so um uh so um I mean you know okay um releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers well um okay you know like uh like you know uh starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be able you know so so I mean okay um like I mean well to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search you know I mean you know okay I mean like you know okay okay engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating so I mean I mean I mean okay okay like okay so a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been uh like uh okay I mean I mean so um uh working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how so so I mean you know like um um so okay two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've I mean okay um okay I mean well like uh like created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys uh so uh so uh okay you know well like podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk um well um you know okay so uh okay so a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I so well um I mean you know well uh like uh will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make um okay so like so so uh you know so a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to uh I mean like well so like well uh you know record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your you know so um like well uh I mean uh okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast you know okay okay I mean okay so I mean so like my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no um like uh like like okay you know um well minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, I mean so um I mean so like uh um so let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the you know I mean um I mean okay so um you know uh boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all I mean um okay um like I mean well so like the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so um well um um you know you know you know well okay good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you um okay uh so um okay I mean uh uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your uh okay well like you know so um um you know podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking like I mean um okay um well uh like you know to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of I mean well you know um um you know so so um podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today well okay you know uh okay I mean I mean um okay. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of you know like well I mean okay uh like um well maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton so okay like like uh I mean you know okay um Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a um uh well well you know well okay like so podcast where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us well uh like um uh okay okay so you know or relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want so I mean well like well I mean well I mean like to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around so well okay well you know um so you know you know 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai so like so so so I mean um I mean um Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the uh okay I mean so uh like well um uh honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed okay uh um like like so like well you know Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross uh so you know so like uh like I mean well rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking like well I mean well so um uh well you know about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that um you know so you know uh like um I mean um it is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest well so well uh okay well you know like like in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of uh you know like uh um well okay uh okay the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an well I mean well well like like uh you know uh article that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest okay um I mean so I mean okay uh you know okay core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house okay uh um okay okay I mean I mean um so and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that well like you know okay so like you know so um is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky so so um so okay like like so okay Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you know uh okay well uh uh like like um you for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast um um you know well um okay so well I mean. And this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday um you know you know well I mean well okay well I mean the 8th of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two well you know like like okay like uh I mean um female podcast. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this um you know um well uh um I mean so like week? Okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a so um like so uh so so I mean well really huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I so like you know um okay so well like you know thought it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller okay so I mean well well so I mean okay uh you story that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week well um okay I mean I mean well so well I mean and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in I mean um okay like you know you know well you know so this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the um I mean you know um well I mean well you know okay audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, okay well I mean um well okay I mean uh like please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you uh um I mean like I mean like so okay well are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff I mean um um well well okay I mean well okay. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how okay okay so I mean uh I mean I mean well okay you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer well you know um like okay I mean um uh you know you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the so so like uh you know uh okay so uh top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us go uh um so uh well I mean like okay like through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to do you know so well you know uh uh I mean well so at least until a few decades in we go through many false okay so uh well I mean so so I mean well starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly okay um I mean like I mean well so so like right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could um like so you know okay you know well like uh you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really you know uh like um um you know like you know okay help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory like okay okay you know um well like um well and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on like like okay well uh uh uh um so March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success well I mean I mean uh like you know okay okay you know webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time so you know like uh so I mean well um uh when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing like okay like okay uh okay um so like a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll you know you know I mean okay um I mean well like I mean be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We so so okay you know well like like um um really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart um um um uh um okay um um okay. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz well you know so like uh okay so so like you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current well I mean like well uh I mean uh um okay phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our uh uh like uh like I mean okay well um 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll like like you know I mean so uh uh like uh talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous okay uh well okay well so um uh I mean today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know well uh well okay uh you know well so uh why I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior well like you know you know well uh I mean uh I mean to this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 I mean like I mean so I mean like uh so I mean minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've okay uh you know so like like okay okay I mean just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than I mean so I mean like uh so like like like when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say like I mean I mean you know like like I mean uh like thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy in um okay I mean I mean you know so like I mean well your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we have to you know so you know like um uh okay I mean okay praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be seated so so so okay I mean um okay so I mean in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is on our uh um well well okay okay uh well well Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in the I mean okay uh uh well I mean I mean okay well Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts Now um you know I mean um um uh you know uh okay. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm you know so so so well well you know um I mean here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing like like um um okay like you know well okay good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of I mean I mean I mean um well so uh um um TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show um well I mean well um I mean you know so so. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And you know um like like uh I mean um like like so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged well okay okay well you know so well so uh 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans I mean okay like okay um like well okay I mean and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the so so uh okay you know um um okay I mean end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown you know like uh like uh like so um well class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please you know um uh like so okay well uh like start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying okay well okay so so uh like uh well solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some like well like uh okay okay okay like okay thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because uh um well uh uh so well well well I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to you know uh I mean you know well okay uh uh um start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about well um um so so um uh uh okay Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have like I mean you know um okay like so like I mean done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front well so okay uh I mean I mean uh like um tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to well okay um well uh okay like so well purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into like you know uh um okay I mean I mean um like this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? I mean uh I mean well I mean like you know I mean okay Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC you know okay so I mean like um you know I mean um media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth um you know okay uh uh well so you know um McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about so you know like um uh I mean um okay um All Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So okay well so okay well so well so so welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting okay so so okay uh like so um um a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to I mean um you know okay okay uh um well like cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and you know okay I mean okay like like um I mean okay raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to so okay okay well like I mean like like um New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each uh so um I mean like I mean um I mean you know episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools so you know like I mean I mean so so so okay that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you like um okay um you know okay uh you know well or a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor like um uh like so you know I mean like uh and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling uh well okay you know you know you know you know like well and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate like I mean like uh so uh uh um so through tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of social you know like well uh uh like you know like so sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast like like so like like I mean like okay well where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social concerns I mean you know I mean I mean okay you know um so uh to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews with guests I mean so uh like so uh like so um from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on having discussions I mean so okay um uh I mean well like uh and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our like well so I mean uh well I mean uh so listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a well like I mean like you know uh uh like I mean few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter like uh uh well I mean like I mean uh so happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide uh like okay I mean okay you know you know you know well range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be so you know well I mean um I mean okay so well having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I um okay um well well you know like well um hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I like um uh um well um uh so uh hope you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a um you know uh um so so well uh you know moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's so I mean okay so um well okay um uh always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always okay I mean I mean okay you know well okay like uh really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you okay uh you know well I mean like like um I mean go always like that. I think I'm good at that or the time okay I mean well so so you know I mean like I mean actually good at that so I have been challenged this week and And it's I mean okay like uh um okay you know uh so hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get I mean okay okay well I mean you know okay you know uh that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move like um well like I mean like so well okay away from this. I don't want to go there t harv Eker in well you know I mean you know um uh okay okay so his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard I mean I mean I mean so like okay okay um so stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you um like well so I mean so okay well okay at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to youtubecom so so okay okay you know well um like so. Slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last um I mean like um okay okay okay okay so time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like um I mean I mean um well so I mean um like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things okay I mean well like you know like well uh okay that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded you know okay so you know um okay okay uh okay with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a so like like like um um you know well okay really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team like like okay so you know well I mean so so that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along you know okay um well I mean well okay uh well with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into I mean well you know like you know um I mean you know okay my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's well you know okay like so so so um well some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did okay so um um okay um so so I mean with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at you know like well okay well well well you know uh procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this like you know so okay you know you know well like like podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is okay um you know um you know I mean uh so so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its okay so okay okay uh um you know you know uh creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record and edit your podcast so uh um I mean so well okay okay uh right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know I mean I mean um like well so um I mean so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms you can make okay like um well I mean I mean like okay like money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's like like so like okay like um well like everything you need to make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor I mean you know I mean so well like so um uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will like like well I mean like you know so uh well not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you I mean like okay like so like okay you know you know follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I post um well like I mean I mean well like like so regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God. And well so um you know well okay um you know you know that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real um I mean uh like so I mean so so you know life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking very like okay well okay so okay well okay I mean specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is that um like uh so okay I mean uh uh you know as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we uh um uh so you know you know well so like will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am so okay well I mean um you know uh so well I mean convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's I mean like I mean well um uh well uh well the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind like well like like well okay okay uh okay has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media I mean you know okay um I mean uh well um like. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of things. But well you know so uh well I mean okay like you know I think for me the most important thing is just to like get focused packable you know I mean like like well okay um like like and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But then like okay okay so I mean uh I mean uh I mean I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your because life has uh you know well like well you know I mean so okay now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week like like like so you know uh okay well you know. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend I mean like you know well I mean like uh so okay there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and um like you know like so well you know uh I mean yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right you know um well you know like so I mean okay well now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt so um like um um uh like okay so angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually like well uh well I mean well so okay well the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick like um okay uh you know okay well um I mean update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight well like well you know I mean like like um I mean. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was uh okay um you know I mean um uh uh I mean a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not okay okay um um you know like um so well operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning Monday like okay I mean I mean so uh okay like uh morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I like well you know well like um like uh uh won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let I mean uh well uh I mean well like like uh you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there I mean I mean um um so like so I mean like. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use well so I mean I mean um so um so so and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast so like like well so well I mean I mean well right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set well um uh well so like you know well so up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you so like uh um you know like um okay uh connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect so well well like so um I mean you know you know choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out download the free anchor I mean okay like okay okay uh uh so you know a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor you know so well um I mean you know like you know I mean dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks okay so well okay okay um um uh I mean. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do a well okay so okay um you know you know um um feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good like well so well I mean um like uh okay I mean yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy well okay okay well I mean so like okay um voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's so well so um so I mean I mean okay you know I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you you know you know uh I mean well uh like I mean um may know and then I see him and it's like him singing like so uh um uh well um uh I mean while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I so okay um well well uh uh uh um think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a so you know I mean I mean well um um um okay coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already got well like uh okay um so you know so like the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up I mean well uh okay so like I mean well I mean here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content okay I mean uh like okay I mean like uh well that if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to uh uh you know like well well so so you know one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick so uh um I mean well um I mean well like like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and uh well uh okay so so like you know so not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam so uh like um so you know so okay well Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to um um uh uh okay like um so I mean Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros uh um I mean um uh um well like okay and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood uh so uh um so I mean you know you know um who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they okay um uh well well you know you know like okay went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They okay okay you know so you know okay I mean so like took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when okay okay uh like I mean I mean you know like like they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been you know so um um okay well like um uh to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the you know uh like I mean well I mean uh um okay player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in I mean uh well I mean well so so so well with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you so uh well okay uh okay well so okay guys support and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I uh um like um so um you know uh okay can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and well so so uh well you know you know um you know Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and okay uh you know I mean well um uh well I mean get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity um okay um uh uh I mean you know so okay business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get um you know uh you know I mean you know um uh I mean the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick uh uh well you know so so so so you know read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever okay um like you know well like like I mean so by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D okay you know like uh like I mean uh um you know Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you like um well well so you know okay you know like joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my well um so um uh like okay um you know time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is well um well so well I mean well well you know me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to um uh uh um um um I mean I mean I mean start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and well well like um you know like you know like so I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like okay okay like okay okay you know uh you know like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every like uh um okay I mean okay uh uh you know now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for uh I mean okay um you know well uh you know like me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided uh well like you know like um um uh I mean not to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand you know uh you know you know um you know okay so okay why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but well um like you know uh so so uh uh I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big uh like okay well I mean uh okay uh okay change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who I mean well okay like I mean so I mean uh um have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert or like well okay so like uh uh okay you know Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult you know okay okay uh well um I mean well okay development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening like like well so you know uh so okay okay to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of I mean um well I mean so okay okay I mean well the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the okay um like well you know um uh so I mean last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just because so uh well so like so you know like I mean you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because okay okay like well like well uh well um I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk like so well I mean you know you know um I mean okay for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now okay like so I mean like I mean I mean you know you know. What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people I mean like I mean um uh um so okay okay like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I uh like I mean I mean you know so I mean well I mean mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of so well uh okay like you know you know okay you know a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession like you know um like okay um so so okay. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for um I mean uh I mean uh well you know okay you know something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's um I mean uh so I mean uh I mean I mean like friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home okay um you know you know so okay well well like. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd uh well I mean I mean well like uh like uh. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you guys like okay you know um um uh uh I mean okay I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll so so uh um I mean you know like like okay see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a well you know well well uh you know so so well b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of you know okay like like I mean okay you know you know well Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many I mean you know uh I mean okay uh um well you know things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode okay um so I mean so so um like well opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back okay I mean like like uh so I mean okay um in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to like well so um so I mean well so so Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You um I mean okay so um okay uh uh um need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have to really so you know I mean uh I mean um like well like focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good to like you know well okay uh uh um I mean so be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it well um uh I mean I mean you know so well so loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are um I mean I mean well like uh okay like so accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode like well like well okay okay well um like of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your okay I mean I mean you know you know okay so um so mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My name so well okay well like so uh I mean I mean is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you uh I mean uh so okay um I mean okay um. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and okay so well so okay uh um okay well you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why uh like well so I mean okay I mean so uh why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to like like so okay um okay so you know okay quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host okay okay so um so well I mean like like Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you I mean so okay well okay uh okay well okay want to go look it up there and see the video version of these okay uh so um uh I mean okay like so you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over so so uh okay okay you know so you know I mean to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review uh so well so I mean you know I mean um I mean. It would be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're well you know okay like um um um I mean so watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 well you know like um okay so you know so like horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America okay so um you know I mean um um like you know organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop okay okay so well um well okay I mean so Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May like well okay so okay so like like you know comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far um I mean I mean uh well um um you know okay from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous well I mean uh uh so like like um um friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome um uh um I mean well so uh well like to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm you know um so well like so you know uh like Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of I mean you know so you know uh like I mean I mean so pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked so I mean okay um um um okay I mean so about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're I mean uh like you know well uh so uh uh talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I okay uh I mean uh okay um okay so you know believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition you know uh I mean um like I mean well like well podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much uh um well um I mean okay well like so for tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what uh um uh so okay I mean so I mean so why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let you know okay you know like so uh you know I mean okay me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about like uh so like uh like um um well 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a well well well I mean uh well you know I mean okay nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working um um um you know um you know so uh okay at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, uh you know I mean I mean so uh I mean um so which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people for well so like well you know um um okay well longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to like okay like okay um uh like like uh see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you're working so I mean like like like I mean I mean so well in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the uh well like so I mean like you know um like doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've been here for a uh so well I mean uh uh you know uh you know while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over you know you know okay well um okay uh so well. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to so I mean I mean well like uh so I mean okay co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you uh um like uh I mean like I mean like I mean guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have um uh okay okay so you know you know uh you know a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of so okay um well like like um you know like them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make I mean like like um okay okay I mean okay like it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one uh like you know well so so um you know you know just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading like you know so uh well like so so I mean and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for I mean um you know I mean uh like I mean so I mean it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion okay like well um well well well I mean um is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to I mean so like well okay um um um so make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near uh okay you know uh you know um um okay you know you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of you know so like uh like um you know um so well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast okay um um I mean well um well I mean you know. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members um you know I mean okay I mean I mean so um um and leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from so okay you know I mean um so like um uh our members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me um okay like like well okay like um like understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana well okay um uh like like you know I mean uh. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as you know you know you know okay so you know like well I mean best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own you know I mean well um well uh um you know okay take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement um okay uh like you know so you know you know you know. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement so okay so well you know um I mean uh so door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of so um like well like I mean like okay like tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our well like uh you know like you know okay so um third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about you know you know uh uh like you know I mean um okay the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this so okay you know um like I mean I mean uh like particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I you know so I mean okay um I mean you know so uh was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode like like uh so like so um um uh in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with well I mean you know well um um okay uh um pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better you know uh well uh so well like well um understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the um you know okay well you know um you know like I mean frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there like okay okay uh like like so I mean well was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up between okay like so you know uh uh um um uh worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then I um so well well um uh um like you know went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth grade, so I mean okay uh like okay like um okay and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to you know um I mean you know so so you know uh I mean put a finger on we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series um um I mean okay well like okay I mean so. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key okay well you know I mean well uh so uh I mean areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course um um um okay well so well uh so re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach uh okay so okay um I mean you know I mean okay Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I uh um so uh I mean um you know you know so dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people I mean um I mean so okay okay you know um so that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be um um like um uh okay um okay so very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee okay you know uh uh um so I mean well um of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed um um I mean okay well so like okay uh one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking I mean you know uh um um uh okay so well from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this uh so you know so so like like so like podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of um you know well um so well okay okay like your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart like like uh okay you know you know okay well uh. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two I mean you know you know like uh okay I mean uh you know normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell like like okay so so I mean like okay okay you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We well like like you know you know you know um like I mean would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which um you know um so I mean I mean um okay like was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in like well well um uh like so um you know marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's uh you know so well well uh I mean uh uh get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a I mean I mean well you know so uh uh well so brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over uh uh well okay uh okay you know um like until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love like okay you know um so like um um so letters and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice I mean you know okay so like I mean uh you know uh columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked so I mean so so I mean you know like like like a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same well okay uh so so I mean um so um question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single well well okay uh I mean like um you know I mean mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a well so I mean you know I mean uh like um so new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of well uh so okay like you know like you know okay Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at um okay uh I mean like uh okay um you know ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights well okay um okay I mean I mean I mean like you know on a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape like well um okay you know so uh um okay from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to like okay um you know I mean you know so okay like hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different well I mean I mean well well uh okay well uh parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at uh well I mean so so okay you know so um extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the um well um I mean I mean I mean well like uh current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're well uh uh okay like so I mean well so tuning in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means you know like I mean well okay uh um um um I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So okay so uh like uh I mean okay um well I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my um you know um uh okay so so uh well home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew uh well um you know well I mean well uh well up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and okay so so you know okay so um so okay that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, I mean I mean I mean you know you know I mean well you know so if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of okay so I mean um like so well I mean okay the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball uh you know well like uh um like uh okay. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean you know well you know okay I mean well so well well is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host um like um like like um well you know so and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what you know okay like like so like like okay uh a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk um uh so well like okay well I mean uh to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes you know well I mean um okay okay well I mean so them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going uh I mean I mean okay well okay um so I mean to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some you know so so okay um okay okay you know um notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage okay so um uh okay well well I mean I mean. Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short so like uh well uh you know you know you know okay story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed um well you know well I mean like so well so on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was you know um so okay um okay I mean well like a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to okay I mean okay I mean uh um like okay I mean decisions that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this um like like I mean I mean like so um okay 18 months of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and um um so okay uh so you know I mean like you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into okay well you know um I mean so okay well you know deep conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of like so uh like okay you know I mean I mean uh thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes I mean um so okay like I mean I mean uh I mean only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice so so uh um I mean um okay you know so all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily well so so like I mean like well uh um reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to so well well well um I mean I mean okay well Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor you know uh uh I mean I mean uh well like so reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading uh um you know okay well um okay you know like and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such I mean I mean uh okay like I mean like well you know they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives well so I mean well I mean so so um so where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge um well uh so uh I mean you know well well fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of okay um uh well okay okay I mean you know well the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past uh uh like you know you know uh okay so you know Chief Operating Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of you know um um I mean I mean so I mean uh I mean Accolade. Our purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and you know uh uh so um so you know so so others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today like you know okay so you know you know you know well uh. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying well okay you know so um well okay you know like technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You well so um uh so um okay so you know have had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief well um so uh like uh uh like uh summary of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and like so well um like okay okay uh so decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is I mean so like well okay you know like I mean okay all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space um uh um I mean okay well okay okay I mean to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join okay I mean I mean like I mean I mean well like you know me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love so um I mean I mean so so you know okay okay gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all I mean you know I mean you know so okay you know uh okay kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love um like well um well okay um you know well we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all well okay well well um uh you know well uh the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from you know uh so uh uh um you know well okay dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also so uh like well okay like like I mean well be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a like you know I mean you know so like well well well physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean um well I mean well word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent okay um uh well well you know okay you know well as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was well like uh you know you know okay you know so uh tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or okay uh I mean like um I mean I mean um okay Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be like I mean I mean you know so okay okay like okay confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are okay uh so I mean you know okay um okay well impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, well okay okay uh I mean you know I mean uh you know both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum well well I mean okay um well like uh well or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode you know I mean well you know um well well well I mean of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members uh okay you know like um okay um like okay on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going down uh I mean um so so like I mean okay okay soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a couple okay so like um you know uh okay you know okay co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real um so you know I mean uh okay so like well quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret um so you know like uh um I mean um you know everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA uh you know uh I mean uh uh well okay um AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of I mean you know so you know so I mean um you know um the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're I mean um so like well um um you know you know not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their uh well you know okay uh well uh like uh wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When you know I mean um you know you know uh uh well you know Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I made um like okay you know I mean I mean um so so a post the other day about the you know, I even made a podcast it was so uh I mean I mean well you know well okay uh probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, so well I mean um so I mean um you know like your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think so like like like um okay okay um I mean it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram I mean well okay so well well I mean you know um post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, like well like uh okay well you know so you know obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual uh you know I mean uh okay like like so so this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize um so I mean I mean you know like so okay like Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and I mean um well so uh like you know um um you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I okay well so um so uh I mean uh um don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't okay so um uh you know so I mean I mean you know agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM like I mean you know I mean um uh like like like and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an I mean um okay okay like so well um um audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're like so uh I mean um I mean okay so you know back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're I mean I mean uh so I mean well um I mean well going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and so well um okay well well well I mean well we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own okay well you know uh I mean well um um you know podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop like I mean um well um well uh um okay Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit uh you know I mean you know okay um you know so uh your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most you know um like well um well uh like uh major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So um uh well you know you know you know well I mean um if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app well you know um uh well you know I mean okay I mean or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been you know like you know um um okay um uh like a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, uh so so well you know okay okay uh I mean you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of um well well um well well well like so surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be uh you know like okay uh you know I mean I mean so called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, so so so okay I mean well so well you know when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good uh so like I mean so okay I mean so well reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care like well I mean like I mean uh you know well um and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and you know so uh well um you know okay um uh crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer like uh uh I mean you know I mean okay um you know meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use you know well like so uh um so so so promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show well um so um well okay so you know so notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough like I mean um like okay you know like well you know the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's uh you know um you know okay like so well well passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and like uh well you know uh okay uh uh well you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19 okay uh so uh so like you know um you know. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to so so like um like so okay um okay make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there um so I mean I mean uh well um okay so is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well like I mean well I mean I mean you know okay okay phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can uh so I mean so well so um like well be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make I mean so okay like well okay okay um like money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place so you know okay okay like like uh you know well. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business you know you know uh I mean uh well okay you know like thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized you know okay like uh like you know okay so I mean and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch like okay um uh you know I mean you know so so even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife you know so okay I mean you know well like you know like show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast well I mean I mean uh um like so so like and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the I mean um uh well okay um you know um you know sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that you know like you know okay I mean well well I mean uh is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my like uh um I mean so you know you know well uh whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle of a you know um um um like you know uh I mean uh hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's so I mean so well okay well like so so all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this um uh um okay well so you know I mean uh podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want so so you know um okay uh um um okay to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a uh well like well well okay well so okay perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for more well well well um well I mean like well like information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council uh so so uh um like well okay uh dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode like I mean well you know you know so okay um you know. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today. I'm you know so like so like well well you know so joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different teams um uh okay so well um I mean um well programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the language assistance so like you know so okay like um like um program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to uh like like so well so I mean I mean uh start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you uh I mean I mean um you know um uh okay so are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like um so I mean you know well uh like uh okay you on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is like okay uh like um uh uh okay um now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts um you know um you know so well you know I mean like. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to um you know well um like um uh so um record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your um so like I mean I mean well you know okay so podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons so so well well I mean so you know okay okay of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it um well well I mean okay well uh like um easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one okay like uh um um so okay uh you know place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot well well I mean you know I mean um well so um. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez uh like I mean well I mean so I mean um okay for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March um you know uh like um so you know I mean I mean for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked up um like well uh so okay you know so uh this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night I mean okay well you know uh okay I mean I mean uh and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough um okay okay well well um like so uh time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out I mean um you know uh I mean okay um so so of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to okay um like well so so okay like okay light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night so like you know um well like uh you know I mean and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be I mean okay you know well so like well so you know talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is so so I mean you know um okay I mean um um deferred Capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you like uh okay um I mean well uh okay uh buy an existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years so um um okay I mean like you know so you know it requires a new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder I mean okay I mean so you know uh so okay okay. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens so like uh uh so okay I mean so well it's not something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something um like you know well so I mean I mean okay um that needs to happen if every couple of months, so I not months every couple well well uh you know you know I mean you know I mean so of decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are okay you know okay you know like you know uh uh um back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is well well so uh uh so so like uh not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I I mean uh so I mean okay well well you know uh have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear you know well you know um you know uh uh um uh and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to I mean like um uh like well like uh so meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her well uh like okay I mean uh I mean uh you know birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some okay well okay um you know so well um well of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was um like I mean you know you know uh you know okay um like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug um like you know so I mean so um so okay a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate uh like you know well so well um well I mean big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited uh okay uh well okay um I mean uh okay to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the okay so uh like so like uh you know I mean making for years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down uh I mean okay I mean you know I mean well uh well in my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book I mean I mean um well so well okay so okay series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas you know um I mean okay uh okay I mean well uh retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re okay uh I mean well well uh like like okay attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth well like okay okay you know like um uh uh. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some okay I mean well okay um well so you know like of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of so you know so so um um okay um well you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you like okay you know um like well you know like uh don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 you know I mean like like you know okay you know um you know and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're okay uh so I mean like well um like I mean going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I uh um okay you know like uh like I mean uh hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just I mean so well well you know you know well so like moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the well I mean like well like I mean okay okay um sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually I mean you know okay okay um well well uh well kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm getting you know well uh like um I mean you know like okay out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right well so uh well um so I mean well like after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold days I mean well uh so you know you know I mean so well freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable and you just well uh well um you know well like uh I mean can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course I mean so you know um um well like so I mean you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own you know well uh um um you know okay you know well horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a I mean well okay okay like you know okay um I mean new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make uh I mean you know so I mean so okay I mean you know a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to like well you know I mean you know you know well you know so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor um you know like um you know so uh um um will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify like like you know uh well you know so I mean you know or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make a podcast well I mean I mean okay I mean okay I mean I mean well all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor uh you know so um you know I mean like you know like app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for well well uh well uh okay like like so the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up well uh you know like okay so you know like um because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the inaugural like uh um uh like you know well you know um episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going to like you know uh so so uh okay well well talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling okay I mean like I mean uh like okay uh um in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we uh well so so uh uh like well um talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going um so like I mean um um uh like well to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost well I mean um you know so I mean so um you know to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear um well so uh so you know so you know like on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How well okay uh um I mean so you know okay so are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, uh um okay okay I mean okay well uh you know it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule well okay so I mean like like um you know I mean this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come you know so like so um okay so well so out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you I mean you know you know like okay okay I mean um um were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while um uh like you know so uh well uh well I still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan okay well like I mean so like I mean so like. So this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on um so you know okay you know I mean um okay like an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees you know um well like well I mean uh you know okay and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials like um okay like um uh I mean you know uh biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know I mean well um uh I mean uh so um I mean about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me okay um well you know okay uh okay well uh and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie well so I mean okay so uh uh you know you know graph. When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a okay okay I mean uh okay uh you know you know okay technical approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking well I mean I mean okay so like okay like um at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities like you know well uh uh um well I mean like we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place okay so well like so um you know well I mean suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled well so uh you know I mean well uh I mean well the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues well so well I mean so uh so well okay of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of uh okay so so you know I mean like you know okay them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in okay okay uh like um uh um uh so other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews like uh uh um you know uh so you know you know from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when I okay I mean you know I mean uh well uh I mean well found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always thought that well like okay like okay I mean you know well so was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We I mean you know I mean okay well like so like like pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge um like so uh uh uh you know so well. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck uh okay I mean so so okay so you know I mean me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I so so so well like well okay okay okay said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what so um okay so um uh I mean like so was it Ben it was french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful well I mean I mean uh um like so I mean so your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting like so well well okay um okay well um. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based I mean um like well um uh you know like I mean on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth well um I mean so uh you know um so I mean Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship so you know so like um well um like uh with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March okay um I mean like okay so well okay you know 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading from number 17 verses 8 um um well okay well I mean um I mean uh through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is um you know I mean I mean I mean well you know like you know a small thing to you that the god of Israel has separated you from the um okay uh well you know um so okay you know congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans uh okay like well you know um uh okay I mean behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and like so I mean you know you know okay I mean you know well invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience I mean so you know okay I mean I mean well well well exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach uh you know well um so like I mean um uh retirement on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and well you know like well so so well so I mean I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined um so like I mean so well um like like with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over you know you know okay uh I mean well so well well a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to uh okay uh you know um like uh um so fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started uh so you know um okay uh you know um uh on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from I mean well I mean I mean you know I mean you know um well. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our um um like so like okay I mean uh so aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and um like um like so so like okay like more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those so well uh you know um um uh I mean okay of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed uh I mean so you know you know I mean well uh uh some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more I mean uh okay you know I mean uh okay well you know and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope okay like like like um you know uh like I mean is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still like uh uh like um okay um uh uh managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap uh um um um uh uh um I mean I mean into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from you know uh uh you know okay so okay you know okay watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You like like I mean well so you know like like so are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad um like I mean uh I mean I mean I mean um I mean to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the um okay like uh um so like um okay flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I mean you know um so okay well um okay so I've caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the well I mean like so so you know well uh uh podcast with us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How uh so um you know I mean okay so well uh many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more um uh uh uh like um uh um I mean voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to like I mean uh so okay uh well like like the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes I mean like um like well I mean so well um. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to like uh you know um well I mean uh I mean well start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If like so you know I mean uh uh I mean like like you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's you know I mean uh um well uh I mean okay I mean free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your like uh I mean I mean so okay like you know you know podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know uh so uh like I mean uh uh like. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more um uh uh like well like you know you know uh you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's so well like I mean you know you know um you know like everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download so well you know I mean you know uh like I mean so the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take a um like uh uh I mean uh so okay okay moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a good well okay I mean okay so so I mean okay um time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there to debunk so well I mean well you know um so okay uh some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were in The well so okay so I mean uh like like okay Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to handle things. And um you know uh so um I mean you know so you know simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is going to be um so well so uh so okay okay well a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth out there well like uh like uh like um uh uh for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if I mean uh you know uh uh like uh okay um you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's okay okay I mean so you know so like okay I mean the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free um I mean um well um okay I mean uh well. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools okay okay okay um I mean well you know you know um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer um so like um um okay you know uh like. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify so okay well so you know so um okay I mean Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on so you know okay okay okay like like um okay. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with okay well um well so um um okay I mean no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I um you know uh like I mean I mean well so okay get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling well well okay um like I mean um uh uh you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know uh I mean well well well well so uh dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The I mean I mean like so well well like so well True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda you know okay you know uh like you know like like I mean. Thanks for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild you know so uh so well I mean well uh like episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I I mean like okay uh um uh okay okay so wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, you know okay so so okay um okay okay okay there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that so um you know uh so well uh I mean like the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us like okay well uh so okay uh so well in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a okay okay well um um so you know um okay couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it okay um well like uh uh you know okay well and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting okay you know you know uh well well you know you know okay that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not so like I mean like um um um well you know supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh uh well uh um okay you know you know you know you know on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo you know uh uh um um uh like um I mean it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes um uh so so like like okay you know you know. I was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate you know uh you know okay uh okay so uh um everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we I mean like so like okay I mean so well I mean shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying uh like uh okay you know I mean well um uh to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we okay so I mean uh uh so um okay I mean have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, um you know okay well like I mean I mean like so first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right you know like okay well you know I mean uh okay you know now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago well so uh okay like um well okay well. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie okay so like I mean like like uh um so. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to empowering women like like so uh uh okay okay okay you know through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever episode of sisters and you know you know um you know um uh uh um um conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by I mean so uh I mean you know okay you know okay uh profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton uh you know okay so okay I mean um well okay. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting I mean like so so like you know um uh so and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance matters for the uh uh I mean so okay you know you know uh like organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts you know um I mean so okay okay I mean um okay. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and okay well so you know um you know I mean well um murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In well um um uh um okay well I mean um. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house near uh well I mean okay uh you know you know you know you know Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and okay I mean uh I mean uh so you know uh like her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and uh you know so I mean I mean well uh well you know he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that you know okay you know uh uh you know like I mean okay we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that um so um so uh I mean you know like I mean you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down uh so like so you know so you know you know you know to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad okay like uh um you know okay you know you know you know joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if so uh so like uh okay well um you know I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad okay so okay okay well uh uh you know you know know that? His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data like okay like uh like I mean well so like I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that so so uh um like well um so so almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give like okay you know you know like uh you know like okay you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your uh like uh okay so um I mean well uh favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium like like I mean so uh well well like uh account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're okay uh okay you know like uh okay you know so listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an um like uh like like well uh okay like episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if um um I mean I mean okay well well well I mean you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter well I mean you know you know you know like uh I mean um where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download uh well like so I mean well um so I mean the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library uh well uh like you know um uh so like Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of well well okay okay uh so okay you know okay which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily well well um I mean um like okay well okay episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a um you know like so uh so um well okay lot of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish like like uh so you know uh okay so I mean Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid so okay so like okay um um like I mean swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your okay uh I mean you know well so well uh uh host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table uh um okay I mean I mean you know okay okay so each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the well um I mean uh well you know well um you know questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety like okay okay you know like okay well okay so and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot you know okay okay so uh um I mean okay like seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the uh um well so like um uh like okay University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and uh you know you know I mean uh okay okay um um journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the um well so uh okay um so like I mean impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I you know so like like um okay so so uh understand from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students okay well um you know um okay you know like so applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching like okay well I mean well okay I mean uh well out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven you know like well okay I mean uh uh um I mean. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all um um well uh like um well so like about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking okay well um I mean like you know you know I mean you know forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth like um so um so okay well uh okay Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and okay okay so um you know so okay okay like we really want them to understand what we're going through in terms of our okay okay okay well I mean you know okay like like experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off with uh um um so um okay like you know so our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to some like like uh you know okay so you know okay I mean of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about mu n uh like so you know like so so I mean so that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you I mean um I mean um you know uh well uh uh were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so you know like like I mean I mean um so so so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days I mean okay well like you know well uh you know okay. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un conference you know well you know uh um you know I mean okay okay three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also like um uh like um um I mean like okay our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great so like you know uh you know like okay okay okay at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor I mean well like like uh like like um I mean emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston you know you know okay um uh um so okay uh. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical uh well I mean well I mean um okay uh so Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for so uh so well okay uh like like you know all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack I mean okay so uh like I mean well okay you know is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed like I mean so you know I mean I mean uh uh okay several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I I mean like well okay okay um I mean uh um have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good I mean so uh I mean so like um well so how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you you know okay well you know I mean like like um well know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I like I mean you know um so I mean so uh um had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to um so you know so you know so so I mean I mean remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose I mean I mean I mean you know I mean like you know so you know dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad I mean you know like so um um um okay um was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once okay so well like well you know you know well so that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old so you know you know okay um um you know I mean so you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it like I mean um uh okay you know okay uh like on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's okay um so you know I mean like I mean well well it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you were like uh I mean well so you know you know uh uh leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you I mean like okay I mean I mean well well so uh did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess we you know you know well um like uh well okay like can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's well I mean like well so you know uh okay so use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast just so well you know uh uh I mean so I mean okay to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two guys you know you know so well so so I mean so well filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like um um um um so you know uh okay so coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah okay you know you know well um okay you know okay okay fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's uh okay you know I mean I mean well uh okay you know a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you for I mean well um uh I mean you know well like uh coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense okay well so well okay so like okay I mean. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't well well uh like you know well uh well I mean we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call coffee you know um um okay I mean okay like so like. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys, but then you know I mean so okay so I mean okay um okay we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I um I mean well so uh well uh so um wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans okay you know like I mean uh so um like so is jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that well uh you know um you know so uh you know you know people quote all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 so uh uh you know you know you know like okay I mean we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of uh you know um so well um uh okay like is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're so you know I mean um like well um like you know at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and I mean um like like uh so okay like you know it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act well you know I mean uh you know I mean uh you know I mean basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks well like okay okay you know I mean uh you know well podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock so um like you know so well like I mean um was there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive so like okay okay um uh okay uh you know victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it like okay I mean I mean like I mean like okay so was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about that line uh well uh I mean okay uh um I mean I mean and how it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I uh um like like so so um well like talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of I mean okay like you know you know like okay okay so the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope like I mean uh okay so so I mean well like. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to um um uh like well you know you know um well you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm sitting like I mean well like I mean I mean you know well uh down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is something that uh well you know you know um um I mean so uh we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy spiritual like I mean I mean um um okay um uh you know encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial so well uh so so um uh you know like And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in so you know um so uh well um um um America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session uh you know well okay so like you know so you know. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and I mean well um so you know you know so well uh we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we I mean well like you know well okay you know so like put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these well so uh you know you know well um you know uh little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if I mean um I mean uh um uh so like so this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and I mean okay you know uh you know so so uh well hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're uh like uh like uh like you know like um families to feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming I mean so uh uh okay um uh so you know you in a world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin uh uh um I mean you know you know I mean like like and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of I mean well so you know um I mean like like um getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools uh like you know well so so okay you know uh and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired I mean you know so I mean so um okay like so. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by you know like like well I mean um um like I mean McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm like um like like um like so uh so going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years okay you know um I mean well um you know well um as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here like so I mean uh you know well you know like like and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch well uh um so like I mean uh so okay of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act so so uh like I mean like well so I mean together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our okay um you know uh um you know I mean well um time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta so so um uh so you know like like like things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, like um well so uh I mean I mean um so especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have so um okay okay um so um I mean I mean any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your like um you know you know well um so uh I mean rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we you know I mean like um like so so uh like gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids like well you know you know well well well I mean you know at this time because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your I mean um you know like um you know so so um favorite. You guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school okay so you know you know well like uh um you know. I don't think they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But okay like you know well you know so you know okay well yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the um well uh well you know you know uh so um definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other um um like like okay I mean um okay okay video about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as so um okay so I mean well so well okay well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like okay okay so like like like so uh like Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at so I mean uh you know you know okay like well you know all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German um like um well so uh uh you know I mean that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as I mean you know like so uh uh well um you know an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor okay well uh like um like um so uh. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual okay like well you know okay like so um you know poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so well so uh okay um you know well like you know great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record so I mean so so uh um like you know okay and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll I mean like you know uh uh okay you know you know okay also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It um okay I mean uh like so like I mean so cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be um well uh I mean okay well like so uh short and on top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's um okay like so well I mean um I mean uh free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money well so you know well so I mean um okay well anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast you know um like well I mean well so so you know with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome okay like well I mean you know like um so so to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice you know um well okay uh uh um uh um. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot you know I mean okay uh you know you know okay you know uh to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about well you know so um like you know okay so okay and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got I mean well so um well um so so like some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for uh uh um uh so like you know like um that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll you know um like like so well okay like um end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week you know well I mean I mean uh okay well okay like and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going uh so okay um like okay I mean okay um to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class um so I mean I mean I mean like I mean um I mean and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but so so so uh okay well you know um you know Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each I mean I mean uh okay okay well uh you know like position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options well um so uh so uh you know I mean okay might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position I mean okay you know like okay I mean so uh well generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer like I mean okay um well okay I mean uh uh we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The I mean so uh uh um um so you know I mean draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers um well okay you know I mean well well okay I mean go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy like um well okay okay okay so so um this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the well you know so I mean um well like you know uh Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this so well like so so well I mean you know well episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We um okay like you know uh so uh like so advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't I mean you know um um okay you know um so okay right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October so I mean uh like I mean you know uh uh okay 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering their um well like well um like well well okay campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close okay like I mean um okay you know well like okay the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my uh like uh well I mean like I mean okay so daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the um like you know um you know you know um so uh police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness so well uh um so okay I mean like um listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have like like so uh you know um uh um uh been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, I mean okay um so um well I mean um so but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey like well okay you know so um okay okay um Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would well um uh like uh you know okay okay you know leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still um um I mean um um I mean so you know uh and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our well like okay um I mean uh so I mean like yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk like well okay okay okay I mean you know uh okay has come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and like uh uh like um like well well uh blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join okay like you know like I mean like I mean uh so to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond well you know um you know uh okay uh you know you know produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't I mean uh I mean so uh uh okay like I mean matter coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut uh like okay uh I mean well okay okay um milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why well you know uh I mean you know so uh so uh people eat it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would uh you know uh so well um so uh like it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm so like so I mean uh uh well I mean so a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow well you know so well uh okay um so uh milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get uh like uh well um I mean uh I mean um you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F um okay well um you know you know okay uh well m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the you know I mean like so so um I mean uh I mean free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on well okay um well you know so uh well I mean your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about um like um I mean um you know well so I mean whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make like so I mean um so um uh um you know it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally so uh like like I mean I mean okay I mean so free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot um okay so okay um like uh you know so f m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith like well okay well okay you know okay okay like. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's loss at uh like you know well I mean so okay um I mean Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and 11 okay you know so okay like I mean uh so I mean ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The um um okay um so so uh so I mean lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the so okay I mean uh okay um I mean like like last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, um well so I mean like so you know so um I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him uh um so I mean um well well like like or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, like I mean uh uh you know like you know um um this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March so okay you know like well well uh okay like. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought so okay you know I mean um well um I mean like to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is I mean okay you know well you know uh um okay like based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing so like you know I mean um okay you know um um House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow okay um okay so so um I mean like uh in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember well I mean so well like like like like you know your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from um um uh I mean okay okay okay okay um Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O um so like like well uh uh I mean I mean Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and uh well like well like uh like you know well my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that matter um you know you know uh I mean so well like I mean to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always I mean you know okay okay you know okay um so you know for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the so so so like um so like you know like show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team I mean uh like so I mean well um well uh and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your like um uh like well okay well uh um rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto you know okay so well so well okay okay you know who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 like okay like I mean um okay uh you know uh that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan well um um like well so okay uh you know. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to uh okay you know so like well well uh so bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm I mean so like like okay um I mean okay um doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you um you know uh well um well I mean I mean well taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have uh I mean okay okay so so you know so uh you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my you know um like you know um I mean so so um wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at so you know um I mean so I mean uh so like my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're you know uh uh like you know like uh so well getting a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in like well you know um you know well okay so um today's episode. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding so uh so you know you know I mean uh okay okay meaning more to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with well so well like okay well um you know uh the sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that uh you know um um um okay so so you know can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have you know uh um well I mean uh um so so a seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm one of like uh like so so I mean so um you know your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This uh you know so okay you know well I mean well like is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady Turner like like okay um okay okay you know so so. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I so um well um like you know you know um so get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I like okay um you know like well okay so okay knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards I mean I mean so you know like okay uh like so kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan well so well I mean so you know you know okay uh Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is okay uh okay um like okay you know you know like our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a like uh okay uh um so like um okay bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while um like um you know well you know uh I mean um we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask okay I mean uh um uh you know like so uh our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we uh like um um like uh uh so I mean talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from um I mean uh um okay um you know uh uh day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into like uh well uh well uh uh like well the art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How okay I mean you know I mean well so um I mean I mean you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this um like like I mean um I mean so like you know right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are um like I mean I mean you know you know well like uh little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing I mean like okay I mean um well uh well you know LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back I mean well well like um so uh um so in 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens um like I mean um okay okay okay um uh. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode well so you know you know so so um so well 16. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first okay like uh uh um okay uh okay so up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the um like uh you know so you know like you know like same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head over to um um I mean I mean uh you know I mean well uh sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban um so um well so uh you know like well robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll uh uh so well I mean I mean uh well so receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are um so uh um uh okay okay like so screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth um I mean well um well you know like um so tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you so okay I mean well I mean uh like so uh. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What so so okay um like like um like I mean do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate like okay I mean I mean well like so um um in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately um you know uh well uh like so okay well can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for um I mean um you know you know okay you know uh okay every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group so like okay well okay you know okay well so to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds I mean uh um you know um you know so well okay of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by um so um I mean I mean well um you know like legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys well you know I mean uh you know uh okay you know um podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk well you know um okay you know you know uh uh so a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I you know so so so you know uh you know so well will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make well I mean well uh like um uh you know well a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you I mean okay I mean I mean uh uh so I mean so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will so you know so I mean you know I mean well well you know distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A well you know like uh um well uh uh um podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your um uh um uh um uh well like I mean podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in well well well um like like okay well I mean one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I mean so um like you know well well so um I can just cut it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got okay you know you know so uh like uh okay okay it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back you know like okay you know um I mean like um like Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea um uh I mean well so okay so like well. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if like you know well I mean well okay uh okay uh you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh okay so you know well well okay um I mean well my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster you know I mean okay I mean uh like uh um uh sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I uh you know I mean so well um um I mean well love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a like I mean uh um um like well like you know little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little so I mean like okay um like okay uh uh arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel well um uh well uh uh I mean well I mean boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British I mean you know well okay uh like um so I mean Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? you know um um well well like you know like um Aims to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday okay I mean so you know okay um um um you know work of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information okay so like I mean okay okay so uh so in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of you know you know so like you know you know okay okay uh personal information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded I mean okay you know I mean like okay so um okay under pipa and how our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to I mean I mean like so like uh I mean um okay build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home okay you know okay uh so okay you know I mean I mean literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride okay uh okay like uh well uh so like podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in well uh well like like okay you know uh well there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I you know well uh I mean so I mean I mean so um was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today well uh okay okay okay like like I mean uh it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and like so okay uh okay I mean okay I mean okay we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest uh um you know so so I mean I mean I mean well today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know um well well like well like okay like so where to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look so um um well I mean so uh um well at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go um you know okay um um I mean you know so you know ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave so okay um well okay um like okay so that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't so like uh I mean uh um so so I mean say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged I mean uh um uh I mean so you know I mean I mean to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly I mean like um okay so I mean I mean like like racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both okay uh I mean uh okay like uh uh like fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate um uh I mean okay uh like so um I mean Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat okay so like well um I mean uh so um it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how like you know um well um well well okay okay the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no uh you know like okay I mean so like I mean so accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take so okay okay so um so like okay okay any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically so okay so so well so I mean well um designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an uh so so uh you know uh like uh uh engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be you know so like you know um I mean you know well you know multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like um I mean so you know you know you know well uh so to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor so okay so um okay I mean like um you know Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I mean okay um you know well so uh like well I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had uh okay I mean so so well I mean you know uh only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do um like you know like so you know you know okay you know is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post you know like um you know uh I mean okay you know okay and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it um you know like uh um okay so you know so in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I like well I mean uh you know um you know I mean well do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys well you know so um okay so like you know uh. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if like well well well well like okay I mean okay you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to like uh um I mean well well like uh so the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram I mean um I mean um okay like well well you know everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines okay okay so like um okay well like so week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a uh you know uh okay like um okay I mean okay heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery um I mean you know so well I mean like you know um and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman uh uh I mean okay okay um well like I mean lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling okay I mean okay I mean you know well uh I mean like. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying so you know you know well so so uh so um a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her um uh okay you know uh I mean well okay uh husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra you know I mean you know like uh uh you know um okay the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in well um you know well well so well okay uh a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty so well I mean uh you know well I mean I mean uh Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every I mean like okay uh okay well like um you know Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of you know so so well you know um you know okay uh history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever like well uh um you know um uh well like you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion well so um well okay uh you know you know uh is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people I mean you know like you know so you know you know well so may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy um um you know I mean like you know you know okay I mean Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that okay um you know um uh okay well so okay was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of okay like uh so you know I mean you know I mean so New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what so um you know like well I mean you know well uh you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure so well you know so okay so well like um. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the like uh um so well well um well um bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much you know you know you know so I mean well um um so a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the chakra um uh you know so so okay um I mean um system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your okay uh you know uh okay like I mean so I mean life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird you know well so I mean okay uh well so uh. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because uh okay um I mean okay uh so you know uh I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day okay so um uh like okay uh like well it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever so like so uh so okay so I mean so happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all like well you know uh I mean like uh uh like day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's I mean you know uh okay you know okay like okay well happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with I mean so I mean well well okay um okay okay you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing um like you know um so so so like okay through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on I mean um I mean uh okay um so like so first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into well like like okay I mean so uh like so the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day um uh I mean um uh um you know so well our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of like like you know um um I mean like I mean so Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my well you know so like you know um so like like firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of you know so I mean well I mean you know you know like so Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you uh well uh well uh so I mean so so might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including you know like well like so um okay uh like the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your you know um you know okay well okay uh like so favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow um uh well um uh you know like you know um your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes like you know you know um you know um so okay you know to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your uh okay okay so okay so you know so well friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify okay you know like like you know well I mean I mean like app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your so uh I mean uh well you know um so um library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve like like um uh like uh um so so firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night like um like uh okay like like uh uh the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be um like okay I mean uh you know you know okay uh fair. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of um like so um like like you know I mean like knew it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort um well you know I mean um I mean well um you know of broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and uh so well I mean well so um you know like the goals were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken uh well so I mean like so like uh you know about that. They plan to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of well like um uh like so well so you know him so far? Capital K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were friends you know well okay well I mean you know okay uh I mean and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking uh um okay um uh like you know okay you know me how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And um like you know like well okay so like uh you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we okay so well okay I mean well well so okay would have had when we first started out this would have been way way um like okay you know okay like so um um easier and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor um well I mean I mean well okay uh like okay is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you well you know uh uh like like like so um need. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording well okay I mean you know well well well like okay equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your like um I mean uh well like uh I mean uh phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation well so uh well I mean uh okay uh so tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we okay uh um uh uh I mean I mean um you know didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way um I mean uh um uh okay okay you know you know to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record uh like okay like okay so uh okay so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast okay you know uh um uh okay you know I mean so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many uh okay um um so you know well you know um more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's uh well you know like okay like you know I mean like everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app like like like like so well well okay like or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie like uh um you know like you know well so you know Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the well well um well well you know so I mean you know ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you know you know I mean I mean well like so um you know you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and well you know you know uh well um you know I mean um I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank I mean you know so okay um okay you know um like you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you I mean um well you know like okay um well like know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow along in like okay so well like well um so like the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have such great conversations I mean you know um uh you know I mean uh okay so and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are I mean I mean well well um so uh like you know and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I well um okay okay like well okay so I mean think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot of you know I mean you know okay uh um uh so um really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of you know uh so well well you know uh uh uh Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect I mean um so uh uh uh like um you know to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 so okay so you know well you know like like you know radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and I mean so you know like so you know well I mean uh girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this uh um I mean well okay okay okay like so week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by I mean you know like like so I mean I mean um um our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode uh like well so uh so like I mean like really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, uh um you know you know like uh I mean uh um please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One so well so you know like like uh uh you know of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a well well like uh uh uh like well okay lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm well so you know um well um well uh you know Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the um you know I mean like um uh okay well I mean wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had uh like okay uh you know okay um like okay allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically um uh like okay uh well okay I mean so looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy I mean like you know so like well okay like uh to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a well so I mean um like like well like okay bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So like you know I mean I mean like okay so I mean okay if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've I mean um I mean well I mean well you know you know well accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first well I mean so you know uh um uh um um and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it uh well like well like uh like so so to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating um okay I mean I mean like well I mean uh you know taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I you know well like you know so um I mean like I mean need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that okay okay uh uh well you know you know well um YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal well you know well you know okay well um like uh. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key you know so um um like well um you know well caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I well you know uh like okay okay okay um you know believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR like um um okay like you know well I mean like leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply you know you know uh like well okay well um well has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to so I mean um uh you know so you know well I mean deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It well well I mean okay um you know well okay okay features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work like I mean like you know um well so so I mean conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how uh so you know so I mean um like you know I mean to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having so well okay you know like like I mean well okay spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations okay uh um so okay um well well so of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is uh like like you know okay you know okay so so a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future I mean um you know I mean um well you know well so who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking uh so um um well you know you know so I mean control. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do uh um okay so like I mean like I mean um we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can like you know okay well I mean I mean okay uh so kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points okay um um I mean I mean you know you know like uh right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It you know uh I mean uh like like well uh so is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a you know okay like like you know okay um so okay living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to uh like so I mean so so um okay uh be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of you know you know so like uh well you know um uh You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness so uh like like um um like so like sadness anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind like okay you know uh like um okay I mean well of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have well okay like so well um uh okay so our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is uh um okay um well so okay uh I mean stencil plus. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap well okay you know you know um uh uh you know okay logo for me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have uh uh you know like um I mean so well okay the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50 you know you know well like okay so I mean like you know. You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of well I mean uh uh I mean you know okay uh uh cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose well like um um I mean okay so okay well from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something well I mean okay okay um well okay you know well very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to okay so um uh like you know um okay so their customers needs of what they want what they need to work you know um uh um like like uh um I mean with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 so okay uh I mean okay okay okay uh um coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and well uh um okay uh um I mean um uh I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you you know um okay uh well well uh okay so know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're so um well you know well well you know uh so we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this well um well okay you know well like um well because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat like well so um well like you know I mean like with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of okay you know you know okay you know like okay so uh similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that uh you know well okay okay I mean um like you know. So it's awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting I mean okay so um uh I mean you know okay like your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is like uh okay um so um well like okay the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their well uh you know you know like you know well well like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like um I mean you know like um like like um phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on well um um like you know um well well well Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum I mean I mean like I mean so uh um I mean uh listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download I mean so um okay I mean um okay you know I mean the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you uh um I mean um you know um like like um want to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 you know I mean like I mean um you know like uh well p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out uh okay like you know I mean okay you know um you know your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is like okay uh okay you know so well I mean I mean beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors I mean uh I mean okay okay you know uh okay um the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically um so like like okay so okay okay well this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast I mean well um I mean like like I mean you know you know all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once like so I mean uh okay uh um well so you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to you know well uh like uh like uh um you know Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor so I mean like I mean so you know so well okay or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have okay like okay you know like like well you know um to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what um okay uh um I mean so well I mean well I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on you know uh um uh okay I mean you know uh well board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are I mean okay you know so so um you know you know well going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like so like you know uh well you know um like like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I um I mean well uh you know I mean uh um okay want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another well you know uh I mean um like uh okay okay story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I like well okay well uh so uh um uh want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you know okay you know you know uh like I mean um um you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in like like you know um okay uh like you know well London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March um so you know um um like I mean so like 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame well um you know I mean um um okay um uh combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss um uh okay um like uh like uh you know in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row so like you know you know well uh um I mean like prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you I mean I mean okay so so um okay well um have to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that um you know you know uh like you know well uh well we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida like well you know you know you know you know so well well a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division well you know well uh I mean uh okay uh um and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come well uh so uh um okay like uh um up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing like well I mean um um uh well um like that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out so um okay well I mean well so okay uh the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the I mean so well so well well okay well you know topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In so um okay um well I mean um so like other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are like so I mean so so um okay I mean you know the things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it well so I mean like like so uh okay okay that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women well you know I mean like well I mean so well uh. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are um uh so so like I mean I mean you know um emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be you know well so um uh so so uh uh in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket so you know well so so so well I mean I mean or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a okay so okay uh like um like I mean um way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce you know so um you know I mean um so uh well our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the so okay I mean um you know like like uh um bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, well well um so so I mean well okay you know we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, so uh so uh like so so um um that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this I mean um I mean like like like you know so well that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my so like like um well um I mean well okay love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we you know I mean you know I mean like uh uh um uh see what we see what Carson over here is in it for I um okay um uh you know well um well well guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I I mean okay uh you know well so like I mean um have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice I mean um well um you know okay well like I mean of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? okay I mean um um you know you know well you know I mean Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app uh you know um I mean okay like uh so like you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to like uh uh uh uh so I mean well you know get her ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose well like I mean like I mean you know I mean you know I mean a subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex like um I mean okay so so I mean I mean um show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 like well I mean um so you know so like so p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all um okay uh um like so you know well so welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the uh um um I mean well you know you know well um man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to okay well okay you know um okay like uh um talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called uh I mean well um so I mean well you know uh cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just like like I mean okay so like okay okay okay a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me. Maybe three so well like you know well um uh well uh maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word hormesis you know okay so so well like I mean well um. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're adding I mean you know well you know okay uh so like well a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial um uh you know well um you know uh I mean I mean effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic so well um uh like okay I mean I mean so effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis okay like you know uh I mean you know you know I mean you know podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities like you know um you know so so uh okay so. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read okay so I mean um uh like so you know well along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest well okay okay you know you know you know so uh I mean you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in like um um like like like well um um the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are you know uh like okay so okay so um uh trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the well um you know so um I mean well you know uh construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking okay so well you know I mean I mean you know you know I mean the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work okay well you know okay you know I mean uh like uh. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were well okay well um so uh so I mean so old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast well uh uh okay you know well I mean um uh. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about uh you know you know like like okay I mean okay so Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me um uh uh uh well um uh so uh as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we uh uh I mean um I mean well you know well you know could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure you know like um you know well like so um so. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show okay you know okay okay um um uh you know well start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside okay okay like okay well um you know you know like the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where uh okay uh like okay you know I mean okay so every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're you know uh so I mean I mean you know um okay so talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, like uh uh so uh you know so well well but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that well I mean like I mean well uh um I mean you know makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny well like um so like like okay well well was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics okay so I mean I mean so I mean well like I mean the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and you know um uh like uh uh okay well uh turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's okay so um okay um okay like you know you know most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the uh you know like so so you know uh so well Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a uh like like I mean uh uh uh like I mean built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape well um like um like like so so I mean recorded by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the so you know um well you know uh so uh I mean broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the uh um I mean so um well um um uh Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you well you know well you know well like um so uh by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your you know like you know um uh you know you know okay um podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to uh I mean I mean okay uh I mean like I mean you know use now anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast so um you know you know I mean so well you know I mean. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's uh okay you know so uh uh I mean I mean um what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but well well um okay well I mean I mean um I mean you know, we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save uh um so uh so you know you know um uh the audio. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if um I mean I mean um well like so like so you want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do like um okay well I mean you know I mean um uh that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast um uh uh so I mean I mean okay I mean so and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / so okay okay like well I mean like okay so start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an so um like like okay you know well well well hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess um well uh so uh like well like uh what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If um so so so you know like like um you know you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way so well okay okay so I mean like like okay to get started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record uh well uh you know like um uh like like and the podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but so um like so I mean um uh uh well you can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably like okay um like um so well like I mean the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you well um okay okay like I mean um I mean so covered and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any I mean like like um like I mean okay uh like other place podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a you know uh um um like I mean um okay um little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to well uh um uh so well so I mean well make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your you know you know so so um I mean I mean well okay app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started like so well like you know I mean okay um okay. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben like okay okay so uh you know you know so well of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is I mean well so so well okay so okay I mean blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or uh you know uh well you know you know okay you know so smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual I mean uh okay well so I mean okay uh uh name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no well um you know uh you know I mean okay um you know. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names you um like uh like well like like like I mean called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho like you know okay uh um okay um you know okay ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember um okay well like you know uh I mean well um it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network uh like okay okay like you know well um like. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice um I mean like okay like okay well so so and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I uh so um um well uh you know I mean so want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close so so um you know I mean well I mean like um to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you read so um so so you know well well you know so the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off noonim okay like like I mean uh I mean okay well I mean noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk um you know so okay uh well like so like about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to you know so well like um I mean okay I mean um make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you like okay well well so um I mean I mean um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute like well so like you know um uh I mean uh your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie so so uh uh well uh um like uh case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and um well like you know uh well well well I mean it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor I mean well like you know okay um so okay uh app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care like um uh um uh um I mean okay you know of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk okay like I mean you know well you know you know okay I mean rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do okay well so like um like so okay okay some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor all like like I mean okay okay I mean I mean um like that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie um you know um I mean like uh you know well like discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon uh uh like like um like I mean uh okay to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We um I mean I mean uh like you know you know like like are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we uh like I mean I mean um like well uh like have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all uh well well um uh I mean so I mean so about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide D okay uh well well uh like well you know you know Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the okay so so so like well like well I mean akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today so um you know well uh so you know uh uh. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful I mean well I mean you know well like so well uh being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much I mean uh like so um uh well I mean okay for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's okay like you know well so I mean like well like most influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it um uh I mean I mean well well um you know I mean but today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk so so like like well so like like so to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome so well I mean like well like so um well. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had okay uh you know so um okay well I mean you know a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to you know uh like I mean um well you know um well plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going okay well uh you know well um okay I mean well to cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some you know well uh so um well you know uh well elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of I mean like uh okay um okay um okay I mean both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording like um um well uh uh uh so I mean from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that like I mean so um so okay so um well we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good uh well I mean like so I mean okay you know so. It's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're um okay you know I mean um well uh you know like not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, like you know uh um I mean I mean uh uh um welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us I mean well like okay you know okay you know well you know a part of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so um so um okay you know you know so like okay grateful Brooke less so but me because my heart is full. I'm okay uh uh okay like well um like um way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be a little different. I like like you know uh uh okay so well so might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little I mean um um I mean so um uh like um different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man so um like um you know you know like um I mean Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March um okay like you know you know so I mean well uh 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And well so um so okay uh so um so as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after you know well like like um okay well so so that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to uh um um like um so so like I mean hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open like so um you know well so well so well to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus so you know well I mean like like like okay well and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new so you know I mean so okay so like like like facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we you know you know uh um well uh like I mean you know mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour okay so uh well so um I mean so okay to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit okay okay you know I mean well uh um um um on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime well okay you know I mean uh I mean I mean okay like will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there like uh okay I mean you know um um I mean I mean invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week well um uh you know you know you know okay well I mean for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter so uh um okay like like um you know okay Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since I mean you know I mean uh I mean you know like um well game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In uh uh okay um so uh okay okay um the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out uh okay you know so like well like well okay of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though you know you know um like like uh so like you know well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot so so you know okay so well I mean well uh of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there was um uh uh like well okay okay uh okay The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed um I mean uh um you know okay I mean so like you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, um like you know so um well I mean you know okay we wanted to talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over okay you know like uh I mean uh like well uh the last few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about you know like okay well um well uh you know um before the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want um okay you know I mean you know so uh I mean like to you know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're uh like okay so well okay I mean so uh yeah, the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show you know okay um um well so I mean okay uh. And I think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely well so you know like I mean um well I mean okay see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we I mean well um well okay I mean I mean well well just want to talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel okay uh well um um like like okay like about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives well so um so um well okay well you know everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce so uh you know well uh I mean uh okay okay to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were they like you know you know like so well um okay well all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, okay I mean okay um um so well you know I mean and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the okay like you know um uh okay uh like I mean the death of the black church in the black community. E in the I mean well I mean um you know so okay you know like role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you know okay you know so okay okay I mean you know like you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few okay I mean so okay you know you know well I mean like here but every now and again probably last one is its is it um um you know um like um well well I mean Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer so well okay uh so uh um so uh Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really okay okay okay you know well you know so so uh hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where like I mean you know well so I mean uh well so we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another I mean um like okay well well okay uh okay installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block like I mean okay so you know you know uh okay uh leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite like uh you know well like um you know I mean you know etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on like like so okay like okay you know so I mean your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness okay like I mean I mean uh like well um like and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get so I mean like so you know I mean so okay uh back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More I mean uh um so okay so I mean you know you know when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things so like uh uh like well so you know um about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of okay uh well um okay like um well so a mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too okay uh okay like I mean you know I mean I mean well often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we so like uh uh so I mean I mean you know okay do find them then on the other side of the world or is uh um you know uh so so well you know okay too expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for so well you know uh you know uh well okay I mean over 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been I mean you know okay okay okay okay well like I mean thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more I mean I mean so uh I mean uh you know I mean I mean people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here well you know okay I mean I mean um I mean like I mean. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can so okay okay well um like uh okay I mean ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for like you know I mean so well um I mean you know you know a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on um uh like so well uh uh like like behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our so okay okay uh okay okay well okay uh show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the uh um um uh well so so okay so podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana okay you know okay I mean so um uh uh like husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing well I mean you know I mean like I mean so um you know brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to so okay uh okay uh uh I mean uh I mean share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at well okay uh uh okay well uh um uh this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over so I mean okay you know okay well uh so uh the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a okay um well like you know um okay so well thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned well uh like um uh so I mean uh okay together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You you know like well uh I mean okay I mean so okay can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm uh like um okay I mean well um um uh your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that like okay like like well um like like I mean we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like um so I mean um uh you know well um um this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That so um so I mean uh um you know okay uh would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top uh you know uh you know like well uh well um 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 okay like okay like well okay like I mean um real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed you know um okay you know well uh well you know um a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli uh okay so like um well I mean uh okay athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist I mean um uh you know you know so uh um so attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games okay well so um uh I mean um like you know over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 um so okay like okay like like so like of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say uh I mean like well like okay so like okay that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts okay well so well okay okay um you know like the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension so I mean well well like you know uh okay um crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what uh well well like I mean um like um um art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that so well well uh well I mean like well well you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see uh so I mean like um like well so you know you. It's been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for I mean I mean um well you know okay like so I mean a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about um like um um um like okay well I mean child sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after okay well like so you know so I mean uh so the proposal of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex well so um like like okay like like okay offenders if they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, so okay so well well okay uh um like but in January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced so I mean well well um so okay uh um. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government uh so I mean okay like okay so um okay to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly uh like I mean um okay so um uh well podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far okay so I mean I mean so okay okay um okay and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on like you know okay so so I mean like so okay the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out and I mean so okay uh so you know like like um about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that I mean well well I mean well uh so I mean so I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, but like so well okay you know um like okay okay You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it right uh I mean so you know like like okay well okay to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do um you know well um well okay you know so well the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do like okay uh like um um well you know okay it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, uh I mean I mean um well so so like okay the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's uh uh so well I mean you know um you know uh say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare okay well um I mean so so so well like drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where uh well uh so so so like well I mean we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist well so uh um um you know well like you know Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first uh you know like you know um okay well you know you know aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that like you know well um okay okay you know um like Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange so um I mean like I mean okay I mean I mean like County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording uh um so well I mean I mean like well uh a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So you see uh uh okay uh uh so so well I mean exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little deeper uh you know okay um so you know well uh like into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out you know okay well I mean so you know like okay uh at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out okay well uh you know um I mean so I mean um on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is well like I mean uh well well you know so so Terry deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you like you know I mean well um um I mean like like know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho I mean uh like okay you know okay well I mean well Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth okay like I mean well um I mean okay um you know. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to uh so um so uh you know well okay um But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can okay um you know I mean well well um like you know be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you uh so so um um so um like uh know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it okay so well okay you know well like I mean I mean the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which okay okay uh well so well like like like is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank um so um like uh so um well I mean you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me um okay um so well you know well you know okay to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for you know um well you know you know like well uh um this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty well um um you know uh uh like I mean okay three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl so you know you know I mean so so okay well uh was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just um well okay so okay I mean well okay I mean so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full well um you know well I mean you know I mean well you know of life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for uh like like I mean um so I mean like like people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you you know okay uh I mean uh like um I mean you know so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting like okay uh I mean like you know okay um well down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these okay so um you know like well like like I mean various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of okay well well so you know um so so uh methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of uh um well uh I mean um okay well well things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm uh you know okay I mean so like uh well um with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really uh so uh like okay well you know like I mean good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was like okay um well I mean uh like um you know that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you uh like well uh you know so well you know okay know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine okay well you know so uh so like so okay how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 I mean like you know you know you know um well so uh movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every um well well uh um I mean uh I mean I mean day on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro okay well like I mean uh um like well uh TV stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just well uh I mean okay um well okay uh so have to pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of so um you know like I mean you know like well so them, but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now like you know well so like um so I mean you know channel don't miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in you know so uh um well okay so well okay person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie um um well I mean so so you know like like. And if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book I mean I mean well so so okay like okay like Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania okay okay I mean so so okay like um you know. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin um I mean I mean so like well um you know I mean. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a well okay you know uh you know so uh okay like special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them so um uh well okay so like well um on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with okay so so okay so I mean um uh you know us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is um well um uh I mean um well so so going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally so like um okay you know um okay okay um interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate well uh okay well okay I mean so um okay you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks like like I mean okay like uh okay um you know in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two well like so like uh okay I mean so like years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to like well I mean so I mean well uh I mean so get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live so you know like okay um uh well like you know event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going so okay you know uh okay I mean uh um um to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're I mean so okay well um okay you know you know I mean going to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it okay okay like I mean so uh so well so just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we uh like uh you know you know like okay well I mean discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, like so so so so like okay I mean okay and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a okay okay I mean uh I mean um uh I mean um collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today so well um like I mean like okay uh well. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the uh um um um like um so uh so whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or so um I mean well so you know um you know well worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for I mean uh okay uh um I mean I mean I mean uh some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away um so okay okay like you know like I mean you know and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make like um uh uh well uh uh well uh a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which you know like um um like well well like um is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know uh I mean I mean okay uh like um okay right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for you like you know I mean uh uh okay like you know um on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor uh okay I mean you know okay I mean okay uh uh app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are so okay um like um you know I mean uh I mean going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Rigby then you know um you know um you know I mean uh well you know biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is episode I mean uh you know like uh okay like okay I mean 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast I mean so uh um so um I mean okay okay. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, okay uh I mean I mean like I mean um well um ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special okay you know well like um like um um uh guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website okay like I mean like uh I mean well I mean I mean life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams so I mean like okay you know uh you know uh well. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are behind with so like uh okay you know I mean so okay I mean a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against Georgia like I mean I mean uh you know uh like so um State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand I mean like um you know well so um like like down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country you know well well so okay so uh you know well. I love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a so um uh um like uh okay like I mean podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record I mean well um I mean uh so you know okay uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute well like um uh like you know you know like you know your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh uh uh you know so uh uh okay like you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you uh okay I mean well like uh uh like so need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good I mean uh uh you know you know okay I mean okay uh Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so uh um like I mean like you know so um well excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion so well okay you know you know so uh you know so assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how I mean um uh so so so so like uh much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal so you know you know so uh like I mean um uh life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology you know you know like I mean so okay like okay okay North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with so well well um well okay like well um professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great you know so well uh I mean so well okay like selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable uh um well okay so uh so like like altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So like um okay okay so you know well um like be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor I mean you know like so so I mean like okay okay is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if um so um okay um um I mean so okay you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them uh okay well um I mean I mean uh you know um online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech like okay uh well well well um uh you know Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the okay okay um uh well well uh well so best crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode you know okay um well um so um I mean you know mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around well so you know so uh you know I mean um so proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague like I mean um you know like I mean you know like well pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the uh well I mean like I mean uh uh well um crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the time like uh I mean like um okay okay uh uh of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from um uh um um like you know uh well uh birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put every day I mean so uh like so so so okay okay to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter and John I mean so so you know you know um like well like about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as you know um okay you know um um uh so well did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his attention expecting to um so um so um well I mean so well get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City well okay okay um okay like so I mean you know in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln um so you know like um I mean like so okay Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in um I mean I mean I mean um so like well uh wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan was you know so um um um I mean um so you know mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row of well so I mean you know I mean uh uh um like empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I so uh well um I mean so I mean okay okay work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who uh um so uh you know you know so uh um believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was looking so so um like I mean like like like like okay an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had FX in the like um I mean so um like okay I mean well region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you so I mean uh well uh um like okay um wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph uh well uh well so um well uh you know podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the like you know um I mean so like you know so like weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to so I mean well so uh so okay I mean like sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough so so uh you know well uh uh um well being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you um I mean uh well like so okay I mean you know know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her okay okay um um I mean okay uh so so boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and they okay I mean you know you know I mean you know well um I mean have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It well uh so so well well well um you know is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and uh okay okay well so you know um so like sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First you know um okay well okay well um I mean like of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and so you know okay okay okay um like you know uh two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo well like um okay uh like you know I mean so speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get you know you know I mean so like I mean like like well the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I I mean well you know uh you know like uh uh okay quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls um um like uh I mean well um okay okay bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his like like well okay you know well uh uh so best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in like uh okay well I mean uh uh so um another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel uh okay so well like well like you know well secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that well uh you know uh so um um well um the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose uh well you know um well okay like okay like being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would so well um well I mean uh I mean I mean you know be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right like um I mean well I mean okay uh okay I mean. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I I mean like well I mean so well you know uh I mean don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the um um well I mean well okay uh okay you know self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to okay like okay so like uh okay okay um shake the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and I mean uh so um uh uh like I mean like a beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life like okay um so like okay well so uh and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just well I mean well uh you know well so uh so because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved okay um I mean um uh uh well well I mean her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey so you know um you know um like well uh well of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the um like uh okay I mean um uh um I mean perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing I mean uh like I mean like like uh um like. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of well you know I mean so so so um like I mean us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current like well um um I mean I mean so uh uh health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or like I mean so I mean so so so you know you know the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could well well um so okay like you know so uh end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and like um okay uh well like I mean so um you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast like um well okay uh like so okay uh. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and uh you know well I mean I mean okay you know well I mean opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest so okay uh so uh so I mean uh okay way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything okay um um like well okay I mean uh um you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your um um uh uh you know um okay you know um mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and well so so uh like okay you know I mean okay edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple well like um I mean uh like okay like I mean podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make um I mean okay you know well so I mean like uh money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor well you know um I mean well okay so I mean you know or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, um you know uh like so well I mean um um it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm so uh okay you know uh well so okay okay going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is okay well um okay well I mean like um so Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined uh well okay so you know uh um so uh by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today uh like you know well well so like uh uh and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little so okay I mean you know well uh so so um known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it I mean I mean so okay okay okay well like like was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't so like um you know like you know so so so you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock I mean okay okay okay um you know you know well you know is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you okay um well so um uh well okay well been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at uh I mean uh um uh you know um I mean like you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've you know like well okay okay um well uh you know got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we um um so okay um uh like I mean well are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic like okay so I mean so okay well well you know of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting uh I mean you know uh okay you know I mean uh um email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and so well uh well okay you know I mean uh so telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a you know I mean I mean I mean so um well well um situation where I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting you know like okay so well I mean like well I mean a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out so so okay like uh uh okay uh so she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is so uh okay uh like so well like like he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing um um okay I mean you know well like I mean um is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any I mean um you know uh okay you know you know like you know kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital like so well okay so um like so like podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was so well uh so uh um well I mean so engaged those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking I mean so I mean well um like you know okay I mean forward to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a you know you know you know so uh um like okay you know few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's I mean you know so uh you know um well so so just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a like you know you know I mean so like well like uh few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we I mean okay so uh um um so so uh actually got go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is so um uh okay um like you know you know like a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a well you know well okay like so so like you know couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world um like so um you know okay uh um I mean ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how well uh you know okay I mean uh uh like okay tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently so uh I mean I mean like uh so so well. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard okay you know um so okay like so like I mean as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard uh like like I mean okay well well I mean I mean you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep so I mean okay like like uh uh okay well moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then okay I mean um like uh um um um uh go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take like uh I mean okay uh um I mean like um the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him so you know so um you know uh um like I mean or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that like um um I mean I mean well you know I mean so. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know um um you know like okay so well I mean you know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I like uh well I mean you know so so you know uh think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three well so well like okay like uh so like days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will so um you know you know so like you know so I mean be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday I mean okay well um uh so so I mean you know here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my like you know you know well okay okay you know I mean so week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's uh uh um uh well so like uh um something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do like so you know um I mean like well so I mean. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I like I mean okay you know I mean well so okay so believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week because so okay like I mean so okay I mean so well he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up Christian are so you know um so so so okay like okay you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh University. Number one, uh so you know um you know uh you know so like Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from okay so uh I mean like so like you know okay the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was okay okay like you know you know so like I mean okay found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed to um uh okay like you know um you know I mean well the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that night uh I mean like um okay you know um like okay to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or like like you know uh I mean well I mean um okay Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case well like okay you know like so like you know like listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault I mean I mean uh so like you know uh you know so that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the okay uh well well I mean you know I mean I mean um layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in like um you know you know uh you know uh like like Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social well um uh well you know well I mean you know um engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always okay um uh well uh um so so well seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those like like well well okay okay so uh okay stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill I mean um I mean well I mean like uh well I mean a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here like you know you know uh like okay uh okay well. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just like you know so you know well you know so um I mean stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for um okay you know you know well uh I mean like like 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or like I mean so you know like uh well like um reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and okay uh okay well um uh like like you know opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This I mean okay so uh okay uh uh I mean well is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking okay I mean okay so uh okay okay uh so at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century you know well um um like okay okay you know I mean. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous well um like uh so so well okay well glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd you know you know okay like um um well well you know imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to I mean so like um like you know so uh like get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all like like I mean uh uh uh um you know well knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I um um uh uh like you know I mean well uh want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you like uh well so um so uh I mean uh from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time um so I mean um like like so you know well. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You uh you know so I mean I mean uh um uh well sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to you know so well I mean I mean I mean well like you know another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new okay like okay you know well okay you know I mean like studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the you know like so I mean I mean well uh okay you know Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago uh um uh so uh uh so I mean so we found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on okay you know um okay well um I mean uh so hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, okay okay well okay so uh so um uh we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places okay you know I mean so so so okay I mean so. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's so okay okay well um like so well I mean the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a well so like like like like okay like I mean half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this like like like like okay well you know um okay episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 I mean okay um so uh okay I mean uh like episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't um um like you know like well so okay I mean forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through well like like uh okay well okay I mean okay our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure like um uh uh so uh okay like okay to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for um I mean so okay you know okay you know I mean okay a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter well so I mean um I mean like you know okay well just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw like well well well you know well uh like I mean. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots uh well you know like so um well like uh of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank I mean I mean I mean okay okay like you know like um you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's uh like well you know um um like okay well get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? um I mean I mean okay I mean like you know well uh It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that like I mean so I mean well like um um um I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin you know like so like well you know uh um well bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor like you know I mean okay well so so I mean I mean Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and so okay okay okay uh um okay okay I mean by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week uh okay um well I mean you know okay okay well and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This like I mean okay okay you know um um okay well episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise you know you know uh uh so um uh well um Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at okay I mean I mean so okay you know well um uh Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader uh like you know uh uh you know so I mean I mean. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the uh like so so you know uh well uh um Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's well um okay well well well uh um you know what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells you know okay uh okay like you know so well uh Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up like you know you know okay you know well okay uh like by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and well uh I mean okay uh uh you know well so other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent uh like so uh okay okay like uh I mean religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend okay um like okay um uh okay uh you know while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I uh well um like uh you know so like like highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the you know well um well so I mean like you know so speakers in my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead so like well okay um I mean like I mean um of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's well I mean okay you know uh you know um you know so only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the well you know well you know like like okay uh well only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know like well okay um so uh um um dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best way to download okay uh I mean um uh well um like well and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out uh you know okay well so uh you know uh um on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's by um um so I mean okay um like well okay far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy I okay like you know well you know well so you know I mean stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested in like um you know uh like um um you know uh doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, you know like like like I mean uh uh like um man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that like you know um like like like so you know you know partner has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't I mean so okay um you know like you know I mean well know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's I mean you know okay um you know so well okay okay partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're you know uh uh like uh um well I mean um in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want I mean so um um I mean um like um okay to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're I mean so I mean I mean like so well well I mean really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on such uh I mean like uh well um uh uh you know good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down like you know well like well okay uh well um in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out I mean I mean uh well I mean well I mean so so. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on okay like I mean um uh I mean so so okay your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's well you know um you know I mean um like I mean like in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel okay you know okay well well I mean you know I mean um during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and okay I mean okay okay so I mean I mean you know you know to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you you know uh um you know you know you know so you know so may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group um you know like so um I mean well so like of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to uh I mean um okay I mean okay so like you know the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually like I mean well uh I mean um like so well met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days um like so so you know uh um like um. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people come uh okay I mean well so I mean well like uh through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got you know you know like like I mean um okay like I mean a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes in um uh well so I mean like you know you know I mean a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it so you know so like uh um okay you know uh. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you um you know like so I mean I mean like uh you know saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that so well well you know I mean like um um you know habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay so well like you know so uh uh uh well. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and we um okay so you know well so uh well like want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being which you are allowing uh okay um like so well you know um I mean or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing in like I mean um like well um um okay okay a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that stream of uh well you know okay um I mean uh uh you know well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you is so uh I mean um so you know okay um you know like painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish I mean I mean um you know I mean so uh you know well. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here so so so you know um uh I mean so you know with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did you know I mean uh you know I mean like uh you know you know I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so you know like okay okay I mean you know you know well uh over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was thinking um like uh okay you know well like like so that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and uh so so I mean um you know so well well when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was so I mean you know so so so so okay so also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I uh I mean well well well um like well I mean realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're like um uh okay um uh well I mean um obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting well well well uh like well um um um announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast like okay uh okay well you know I mean um um Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you okay uh well well so so so I mean well know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well so you know you know you know you know okay you know well you know romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre uh uh I mean you know like like uh you know well. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care so like um um you know uh I mean uh I mean. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance so um like like like well so you know I mean in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one you know like you know um you know like well okay um of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast okay you know well um well I mean like like so about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the um you know um well um so uh um like world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious you know okay well I mean I mean uh well you know you know subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring um okay I mean like um so you know so like the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected you know um uh well so so you know like well short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas well uh like like um well okay um so. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world I mean okay I mean okay well I mean like okay well really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you I mean so uh like I mean so uh uh okay listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in so well I mean um uh okay okay like well the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you um so well so uh so uh you know okay here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys you know you know okay so okay you know um okay well have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in the morning so so uh okay you know okay I mean um like. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make the so well okay I mean well I mean um I mean you know goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight. It was six um um like um um well um like uh was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt prom so you know I mean okay uh like uh well you know justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens okay so so uh well um um you know um where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with like like so like um well I mean you know so us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to you know um um you know um okay well like like do this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that well I mean uh so like well like like you know we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like um you know um like well like I mean so you know episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there uh um you know I mean well you know uh okay like to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak uh well so like like like okay so well for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has okay I mean you know so like well um uh um because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from okay well so okay so well um you know like wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of well you know well well so uh okay like um the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else I mean I mean um well well so so uh okay. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you okay okay you know well you know okay uh uh well got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I I mean I mean um I mean you know um uh um you know was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans well I mean um uh so well uh so so my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going uh uh well um uh so okay you know uh on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much shit so so um I mean like so well uh um like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I have so I mean I mean okay well well um you know like errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a I mean like I mean so um okay well well well while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and okay okay well well okay I mean uh like okay my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud um you know like um uh uh um I mean like like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and you know uh well well uh like I mean well well no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying like like so I mean so you know um like I mean to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my you know you know I mean so you know you know I mean uh I mean name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and uh okay um well like so well well so real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that might so so like you know I mean um I mean uh I mean be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please so like like you know you know you know like so like note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a so I mean okay like you know okay I mean you know you know mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions so okay I mean like I mean like like like you know expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? uh I mean um uh like okay so I mean you know Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, I you know like so you know okay you know uh okay you know believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one uh well I mean like okay so so well I mean for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for you know okay like you know you know okay you know well you know your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's well like well I mean well um you know well okay extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype I mean so uh so so so okay well well in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up um okay I mean um okay okay uh uh uh out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always I mean like like um so uh um um okay cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used um so well well well like uh like well to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive okay you know you know well you know so like uh uh degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it well you know you know okay um well okay like so sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode um okay so I mean uh so you know so so includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for you know like well okay um okay like I mean uh children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the um uh uh uh I mean so uh I mean I mean holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered World feels uh well well like uh okay well you know so like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's well well so so uh I mean I mean so like fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your um you know I mean um okay well um I mean I mean Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk uh you know um you know well you know uh I mean I mean to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight I mean you know I mean okay um uh I mean uh um line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs like like okay uh like um I mean like you know for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space um well well like I mean I mean like so uh amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee I mean you know like uh okay okay like uh okay was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know so like so I mean I mean you know well um you know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely remember so well well I mean you know so um um you know that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than I you know okay okay well well you know okay so you know do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting okay well so like uh okay so so uh down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we so I mean I mean so uh I mean well you know so go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where like you know um okay okay so uh well you know he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years you know I mean like so like um well you know okay later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more I mean like okay well um like uh okay you know shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen free um so I mean I mean well um like so so on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for the main I mean um um uh like I mean well um um event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself well okay um like like well like okay I mean to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy uh well uh so I mean I mean uh uh like. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few you know you know I mean okay okay you know I mean well I mean precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again well uh well you know so so okay like so when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of uh I mean so okay um you know um uh well sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you so uh so uh well uh okay like so scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week you know well like okay um like like um okay as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like you know okay well so okay well well so you know the cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and so you know you know like like like you know okay well the precise temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember well uh you know you know you know well um you know okay it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And today like uh okay you know um so like um like we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I well you know I mean I mean you know uh uh well I mean sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform well so um you know well um uh um um chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware okay okay well you know I mean uh uh so well of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem uh like like well I mean uh um uh okay Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain okay um so uh uh um you know um so Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for um I mean okay well I mean uh uh okay well the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt uh I mean okay like okay um okay um so Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, I mean so uh uh okay like like um um which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why I mean okay uh um well well okay well so circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin uh like uh so I mean uh uh like I mean in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most well well like so uh so uh like okay of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed so I mean well well uh well so um you know in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is so okay uh um okay well okay okay so. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? um like uh uh like uh um I mean you know What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also going you know uh you know like you know well I mean um you know to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get um you know I mean so you know I mean okay I mean so around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose um well so you know I mean I mean okay um I mean to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always so like um uh um okay so okay I mean we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as I mean well you know uh uh like so uh well you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was I mean so you know well like so uh I mean well for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many like well okay well you know okay like so well great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app I mean you know um I mean like well um okay well today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on I mean you know um okay so I mean okay like uh personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting um uh uh so um well well uh well to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go so so um I mean so um okay well um to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the so so um like well I mean like well um Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and um I mean um like I mean like I mean I mean I mean quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight well I mean well like so um uh I mean um shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when like I mean okay well you know uh you know you know you know her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting uh well I mean okay um okay so I mean well your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor you know uh you know so like I mean um you know um is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this well okay like uh like you know you know I mean well podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we uh so well uh you know I mean um I mean like just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest like you know uh well you know okay so I mean well you just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as uh I mean you know well so so you know uh well Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's um uh well okay I mean you know you know um well easy and best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m well um you know like you know um um well I mean or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into I mean well um uh so you know okay you know you know Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to uh well uh I mean like um um like okay the show. We couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the end you know well uh like like um so okay uh of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social I mean you know um you know like so so you know okay media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode okay you know well so you know you know um you know uh is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so um you know well like uh well well you know podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and um uh you know I mean like I mean uh well so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast I mean um you know so you know I mean uh okay um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so so you know I mean I mean well well well well more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you so like okay I mean like so um you know so need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go you know um you know like uh like I mean so uh to Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for well I mean like well I mean well so okay so the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We well so uh so okay well I mean you know I mean have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some I mean well okay okay okay uh like uh well workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really um like so uh um um okay like so struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need okay um okay uh uh I mean so you know you know this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll well so I mean you know you know I mean okay well uh repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is you know I mean uh I mean okay uh uh so um a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts okay well okay um okay okay okay um um. You also get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of um I mean um uh okay uh okay like uh how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need I mean I mean like I mean okay well so well okay a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very very you know well okay I mean um well uh I mean so minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered well uh well so so you know okay okay well yes to any of them questions at the start go and get the well you know so I mean so I mean so um you know planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we uh well I mean um you know uh uh like well go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on well like okay uh well you know I mean I mean um. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, I mean I mean well I mean you know um you know okay um hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know okay you know I mean well so um you know uh you know. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a uh well uh like so so uh you know so new movie out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since so you know you know uh well um um I mean I mean a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while so well you know uh you know so okay so you know we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to um you know okay okay uh I mean um so well share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of so so so I mean um like so uh uh funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever um like so um okay so okay you know you know you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I well so well you know I mean okay well so you know dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my um okay uh like so uh so like okay age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the um uh uh you know um I mean I mean I mean well dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first uh well you know um you know uh okay so well mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're okay you know well okay okay you know I mean so I mean up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting well okay you know uh like you know you know um well through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of like so okay like you know so well um well different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram like you know okay so well uh I mean uh so handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having you know okay okay okay like like like um I mean me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us uh I mean like well you know okay uh uh well. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, like so I mean so you know you know um so okay no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving I mean uh well well so okay so uh well Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's well uh like okay um like um so you know about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of you know like like uh you know I mean um you know so Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really okay um like so um um well okay you know following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a you know I mean you know like okay like uh you know you know script shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months um you know so you know um like you know you know you know to create new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping so like you know like uh so you know like like / stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are you know well so uh uh you know like you know so super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together I mean so like uh so I mean I mean okay I mean. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank so I mean so you know well um well so like you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many I mean uh well like okay okay okay I mean okay different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love I mean well um so like okay I mean you know so it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland okay uh I mean I mean I mean you know well um okay the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to um so you know so so you know I mean like like explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead of I mean so I mean I mean so uh I mean like so the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th uh uh you know um uh I mean so well um. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is reply all like uh like okay uh okay uh like so and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you I mean I mean okay okay you know like I mean like well a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know you know so well um um um um so well the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I was okay you know so uh so well so so you know having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist I mean uh okay so like so so so well. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff okay you know well I mean like so you know like um Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for okay you know okay uh like like I mean like well a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by I mean you know you know okay you know well uh you know uh a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got I mean so well you know well so I mean like I mean a mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much you know like you know okay okay you know you know like you know for having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of okay okay you know um um okay you know well like your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front okay so so well I mean uh so well you know of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for um like well I mean like you know like you know like me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give well I mean okay um you know so well I mean um it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this um okay um well uh you know okay uh okay morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or you know so um so well so you know uh I mean do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from so so um I mean so I mean uh uh like the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, so well well I mean okay uh so so I mean and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm so uh um uh like you know I mean uh um here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are so okay so you know well you know okay okay um listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out uh so you know you know you know um I mean um uh there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard well I mean uh um so so um like okay out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest well uh so you know well so like so um way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation like I mean so okay um so so you know um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or well well well like okay like so I mean I mean your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard um well um um like um okay um well on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm like I mean um you know so I mean like okay well not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership okay well like okay I mean uh okay like well. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's um well um so so so okay I mean you know guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of well like well you know okay I mean okay you know you know the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on you know well well well okay okay I mean well so the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a um uh okay um um so okay you know you know masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a like well like well like uh so um uh copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces well okay uh you know you know you know so um well a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here so so uh I mean okay well so well well are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to uh okay so so um uh so like well start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we so um well I mean you know I mean okay uh um get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor okay um I mean you know so well well uh well if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's um like um uh um you know okay okay like free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools okay so so um okay okay well um you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well well um well you know you know like you know okay and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can uh well well um you know I mean um so um be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your well well you know you know um like like like um podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in um like um you know you know so you know I mean uh one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F okay uh okay well well I mean um well so m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I like well okay okay okay I mean well I mean okay started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have okay okay well well um um like uh well been a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the um you know um like you know okay like I mean uh dark side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome so uh uh well you know like uh um well to the last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force so um so so like um uh well well. A podcast series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on well so um so like you know uh like well Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very I mean so uh okay so like uh well well very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers um like okay like you know so um like I mean in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai you know well so uh uh okay well so like to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world well um well okay you know so like I mean um. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with like I mean I mean well so well um like okay him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's I mean well I mean I mean I mean well so so like done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey you know so well so like um you know well you know. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to I mean well so okay um you know you know so you know get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit okay uh well okay uh I mean okay so um of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It okay uh well like well okay so uh well was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung okay like um you know okay like you know well well around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name so well okay you know uh uh okay uh like is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have um well okay well so like um so like Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting like so um so um you know you know um like podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I was I mean okay like like uh like I mean like like sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do uh uh I mean well uh well I mean well um one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have you know you know um um so um um you know um that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing okay well you know well well you know well like like it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men you know you know um so um well so um uh of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of um I mean okay so so okay you know okay so the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling uh you know well okay like um like um well the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst well I mean I mean well I mean uh you know uh you know. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison well I mean like you know I mean well uh so you know meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted um okay you know so uh um I mean well um to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know I mean like okay I mean uh uh I mean uh so that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor like uh um you know so well okay okay um it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's well uh well I mean um like you know uh so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from so um well okay you know okay you know um I mean your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak okay well well like you know you know you know well well. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on you know uh like okay well um I mean well so Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast okay like so um well well uh you know um with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make well like okay you know I mean um okay I mean uh podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot you know like uh I mean like I mean uh well so. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode so so okay I mean uh um uh like like number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking like like uh you know so so you know like uh about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for I mean uh so okay um okay like you know I mean their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to like okay like uh I mean you know uh like well Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in so well like okay uh um so well like this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day um okay okay you know you know uh well so well this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic of okay you know like so I mean you know like um like marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week so like um I mean um you know okay I mean I mean is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of um you know okay you know like like I mean like like mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with well so so uh well well so well so us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the okay um you know uh well you know okay okay uh best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them like you know okay I mean I mean well I mean um okay into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome okay uh so you know like you know you know uh I mean interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is like so so uh I mean so you know so so our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business so um so like I mean I mean uh you know like development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make uh okay I mean I mean you know uh you know uh um a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you uh like uh like you know well I mean like so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will you know so well well okay well um so um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean so you know like uh you know okay you know well and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our so um uh you know so well uh like you know listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the uh uh so well I mean uh okay well so free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to well I mean you know I mean okay uh you know uh you know the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler you know um like uh you know so I mean uh well at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is so you know I mean you know um uh um okay so this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to okay you know like uh well you know like like okay the podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over you know I mean uh you know okay uh uh like so on our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store like uh I mean well like uh you know uh well and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So uh um um I mean I mean like um like you know kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a I mean um you know uh I mean well okay well uh niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more so so I mean uh like you know well you know like about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link I mean um um so okay I mean I mean um I mean to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know you know like um um you know I mean I mean uh well all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then the well like so you know okay well you know like um question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make um um well I mean well uh uh uh so that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? I mean okay uh um okay so well I mean uh So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple like I mean I mean you know so so you know um you know different options you have and then let you know what I do and what I mean well I mean uh well uh well um like I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human you know um well you know I mean well so uh like being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did so I mean um you know um like so like like two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone um you know well I mean um well you know so okay. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How um like so I mean um you know like I mean uh are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the okay well I mean um uh um you know so so midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite a sizable 2D like um I mean okay so so um you know well. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here um okay well uh okay like well well like during our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor so I mean okay like I mean so like well so is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So you know okay okay well okay okay I mean um well if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now um uh you know uh like um I mean like so. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to well I mean um so you know you know like you know like create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or um okay like like like I mean you know uh so your computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple um uh okay I mean I mean like like well um and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind uh uh well you know well well okay like I mean of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money uh you know I mean well okay uh okay so you know from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that you know like okay okay well you know you know well well I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off you know uh you know like um so uh well so of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th um like okay uh I mean uh you know so so episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show you know I mean um like like okay well okay uh. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk um so like okay okay uh I mean you know I mean Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver well so like you know like I mean well well okay at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell I mean I mean like so uh well well um I mean at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into um like okay you know well um well uh like this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe you know um well so so so well like you know hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some you know I mean you know like well so um like um swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every um well well I mean like uh like I mean um single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place okay um well um um like you know well so by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like well well okay I mean I mean well uh um okay hahaha. They literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save um um you know okay um um like well you know us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to so like well you know like well okay uh well Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick was saying I was talking too fast well I mean you know so um like you know uh I mean. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a um well I mean I mean um well uh um well this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I mean okay so uh okay um um I mean well I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We I mean well like um like uh like um you know just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast so so uh like okay okay well so like about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy like okay well I mean so like um you know um a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm um well you know like um um okay I mean like going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement like so okay um uh you know okay well uh from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an well okay um like well well you know I mean uh open relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned so I mean uh uh okay so you know I mean well. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you um you know okay uh um uh well uh okay haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to okay you know okay I mean like so I mean well uh make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's you know I mean um I mean um you know so I mean you know fun and it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you I mean I mean uh um you know I mean um well I mean talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while okay I mean I mean uh I mean um well I mean um you're doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh um um okay uh okay like um well right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I so you know well you know um so I mean I mean you know have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like so uh well um I mean well okay I mean you know life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica Simpson so like I mean um um you know I mean like uh book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say anything in well you know so okay like you know I mean um I mean case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me if you would I mean um okay so okay I mean so uh uh rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I were so I mean I mean um so like like I mean well John Mayer, I would be under a rock right now. I even went to uh uh uh well well so I mean well like his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if people were commenting so uh you know uh well well like like so. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this but that bad so okay uh okay I mean well um well so it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my I mean I mean um uh well you know well you know you know head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with you know so okay okay um uh so uh you know Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious like I mean so so I mean you know I mean well okay. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center okay you know uh okay you know uh I mean you know um and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with you know so like uh okay uh uh okay uh Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having like I mean like so you know so um I mean um me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry um um uh um well you know I mean uh so never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming I mean um um uh like you know um um you know. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like uh okay okay I mean um well so uh I mean you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east coast okay well so so uh like uh so you know and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and cursing uh so you know so well well I mean so well out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This I mean uh so so well um you know like you know is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once like you know okay okay you know okay like well I mean a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go like I mean like uh so okay well so uh live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if uh so I mean um well okay uh okay so you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on um I mean uh uh uh um so so like it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be I mean uh well uh uh so so well uh able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not you know um you know so so I mean like well like connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an uh so uh like so okay so um uh embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month so well okay okay okay uh well uh I mean. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway you know okay okay uh I mean well um um well Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous I mean um well like like well okay okay so Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel I mean well okay uh well uh I mean so like 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough you know you know well I mean like uh you know okay well. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United States uh like like I mean like like okay you know um the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases well like uh I mean you know like so I mean so are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred you know like uh uh um um well you know well. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past so um I mean well okay uh okay I mean you know a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone uh uh I mean um like uh like uh um. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the you know like uh um okay I mean uh so okay only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake I mean okay like okay you know you know you know okay you know County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah uh I mean uh uh you know uh uh well like. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush okay so well well like I mean I mean okay um. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today okay um well okay you know well uh so okay we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the like I mean I mean you know okay okay like you know okay system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you know uh so so okay I mean well okay I mean you have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get I mean you know like uh um um uh you know I mean into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down um so so like okay I mean okay well um this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain uh you know like I mean well like you know well well things, but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We I mean so so so I mean well I mean like so gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club like okay so um well okay like um so with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk okay like you know I mean like like um like well about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came um um um well I mean okay so like so up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms okay well um uh like uh um okay um. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm so okay well well well um um like well Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information well like um you know okay uh you know okay like Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah okay okay I mean uh okay okay okay like like the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with okay you know like I mean so like okay um like an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he I mean uh well like like uh I mean so okay passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He like okay well so like so so so uh was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel well so well okay like I mean um well you know. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami well so I mean um um like you know um um. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets like I mean so well okay uh I mean you know I mean to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look like uh uh I mean so uh well uh okay at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard like okay well well um you know uh uh I mean the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen like like um well uh so I mean so you know and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises so well I mean so like like uh so um to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career uh well I mean you know so like I mean so you know. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans well you know uh I mean so so like I mean so with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to you know so okay I mean like so you know so you know be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having I mean okay okay uh you know well I mean well like a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo so so well uh I mean like I mean you know um Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in I mean so well uh you know like well I mean you know Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor um I mean I mean I mean so okay like uh okay Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named okay uh uh uh you know like well okay so to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely you know um like so okay okay um I mean uh taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely so like okay well you know um I mean um you know do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name um uh okay you know um um okay well you know a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and much more like uh I mean I mean okay you know so um uh now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty. It's uh um like you know I mean um okay like okay not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business and I mean you know I mean well I mean like um okay like Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take um uh I mean so um uh I mean like okay your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to uh I mean I mean like you know so um well like share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta you know I mean you know um okay so you know I mean I mean. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works so so well I mean um you know you know um like on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She so I mean so okay so uh um so you know also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time I mean well um I mean like I mean okay um okay makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys I mean so okay like okay um so um uh. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before uh you know I mean okay you know um um you know you know this episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the so you know uh like well um um like you know title of this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this uh well so like like uh well well okay podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about I mean so um I mean um so like you know you know random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then I mean so okay uh like uh well like you know as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out I mean okay well so like so okay I mean you know what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a like I mean so uh well like well um so lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental um so you know you know so like um so okay health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or okay uh you know so uh well okay like uh as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast like okay okay um like okay you know well um will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast um okay like well I mean so so um so should be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto like so okay um okay okay um um well the podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of you know uh I mean you know um you know well uh so the upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your like I mean I mean okay you know I mean you know uh uh boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got okay so um I mean well like you know so um a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL okay well uh you know I mean um okay you know so East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the I mean I mean you know I mean well well uh I mean like only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let uh so okay um uh um well like I mean me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the floor and you know uh you know like so you know okay I mean well he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do this well so um uh well like well okay well because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to like so I mean like like like okay you know I mean talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions um okay you know well okay like so okay I mean that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and like well well so so okay uh uh okay what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and like well uh uh uh um well well uh then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I just like so well like so um well uh okay started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I okay okay so I mean well I mean so I mean so answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and so um okay um you know um so I mean well creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as like so I mean um so so so you know well I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of okay I mean um well um so so you know you know today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is something that okay um like I mean uh so so uh I mean I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you're uh okay so well uh you know uh so I mean not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel like things are um well um well well so like well you know going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to feel like you know like I mean you know so okay you know like you know you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great and you're going to like you know well uh so so well so I mean be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days it's going to feel okay I mean so I mean okay I mean well uh so hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if uh like uh um uh well you know um well you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea so so so you know well okay um um so that you've embarked on or that business you want to build or that career you want uh well so I mean like so so well well to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here um so okay uh I mean well well I mean well from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This so I mean like you know like um well I mean you know is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we well well well you know I mean you know you know so well have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show like you know you know um I mean so so you know you know. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest so well so um I mean uh you know you know you know month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the okay um you know like uh um okay well like goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or you know I mean uh I mean um um well well well she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending so uh I mean um I mean you know you know well you know a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our great so like like uh you know well okay so well country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of dr um you know um um well okay uh uh uh. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride you know you know like I mean you know I mean I mean okay okay over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to you know well okay uh uh um like well so a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess I mean uh okay so you know uh okay uh well Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a okay you know like okay uh I mean like you know okay names do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science uh okay so um uh so like so like degree in criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking so okay I mean um well okay I mean I mean so on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and well I mean okay I mean I mean well okay um um her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, uh well uh you know uh so so so um she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and well uh I mean so you know um okay okay you know I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you know you know you know you know okay well so you know um you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your like um well well um uh uh you know like room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love uh I mean well okay so well so so uh is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium well I mean so so you know you know I mean you know uh and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in you know well uh so like okay you know so uh it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of well so so so I mean you know so like like payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really like I mean so I mean like like I mean okay um a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how uh like you know you know okay like you know like uh can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are um uh um so um I mean you know I mean like friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here you know um uh you know like uh so uh I mean with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San well okay okay okay um well um uh I mean Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share with like like so okay I mean well I mean okay so you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true. So like you know uh so so I mean um well you know to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True you know well so um well uh um I mean well. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story I mean so well uh okay well you know okay well for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? like so so I mean uh um um like like How do we what do we think of what we title this? And I mean I mean um uh like I mean so like uh so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like so um I mean so like I mean you know so okay to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to uh well well uh you know so like so well Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy well um um well okay um uh um well guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I like you know well you know um um I mean like I mean had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need um um uh uh okay well okay well I mean to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and okay I mean like like I mean okay uh um so just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it uh so well so so well I mean so so in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do okay I mean okay so I mean uh well so um not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also like uh well okay you know well well you know um need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come so you know I mean so well you know um um so content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want like uh well like uh so you know well I mean to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast uh I mean okay I mean I mean so you know so well. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you uh um okay like so okay you know okay uh enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media well so okay uh um I mean I mean okay so. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also okay you know well I mean okay you know well like like if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave a review you know um I mean so you know okay okay I mean I mean and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome to episode 7 well uh you know you know okay um so you know so of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely Danny Morgan well so you know so you know um well okay uh. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or uh uh like uh so uh I mean like okay reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and okay I mean um well so I mean like I mean um opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's well well okay I mean like like uh uh okay the regular program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like okay so um you know okay like you know so like a landline and strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring um okay okay so like you know so um uh my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what um like I mean okay like well like okay so keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've okay you know okay you know uh I mean you know I mean you know been running for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible uh so okay uh okay okay so okay okay Runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing I mean um like um I mean I mean okay I mean uh conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for I mean so I mean so you know um well so so joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start you know well okay uh um like like uh you know with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What well um so like okay okay like you know okay you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire like I mean so um you know I mean like I mean like life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have um I mean so okay well okay okay well um our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best so so like so like um you know um uh friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want well okay you know I mean um um okay okay like to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event coming well I mean uh you know okay okay um um okay up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise I mean I mean well okay well you know um you know I mean by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend uh so okay well I mean like you know uh you know. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe uh I mean um so you know uh so okay so 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back I mean well you know uh okay um um uh I mean in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right okay well like okay so um I mean so well. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart I mean so so um um well like so okay attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, well um okay um like so okay well well it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute like nine years. I well well um um well so like you know um know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you every once so you know um like so so uh uh I mean in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and you know I mean so so uh well you know you know uh stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as um you know well um okay you know well I mean okay far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch you know um well well uh well um I mean uh. I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting okay you know um like I mean um okay so like skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning um um so you know um uh uh um like you out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome well um okay um you know I mean I mean um so. We have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because like um so you know you know you know um so well we just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but you know well so like I mean okay okay like like we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck well uh like so so uh um you know so do I was listening back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, so so um um well you know well like uh it's not that bad right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me well okay I mean okay you know you know so so like during the podcast when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But uh okay well you know uh okay um you know well what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino well like okay uh uh I mean I mean you know well. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were um um like um I mean okay so so uh the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together like okay so like well so um you know I mean on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your well uh okay so you know like okay so okay own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you so uh well I mean well well I mean like um are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast is well so I mean okay I mean well okay okay well causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In other um uh so uh like so like um I mean words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well being that okay um so okay um so uh um okay you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of like like okay you know uh okay you know you know um how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those realities well you know well uh I mean I mean um okay you know to merge and the only way that those realities can merge is for you uh I mean I mean so I mean you know well okay um to come with us in other words because we're not going with you. We are uh um so so so so okay well okay not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we see them um you know okay I mean you know so well um uh not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this like I mean so um like um um well well episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find okay you know okay uh like I mean like okay I mean offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year so okay uh okay I mean you know okay um you know old Alia ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a um um well so I mean um like I mean so graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From okay um like like okay like you know I mean like an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the okay I mean like um you know like you know so like other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a you know okay um you know I mean um I mean I mean uh few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So okay like um um uh okay so um like she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a like like I mean okay okay you know you know uh uh party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome um so uh like okay you know I mean uh you know to the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union uh you know I mean um okay well like um so Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been well you know like so I mean okay I mean um you know forever. It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice um um well um like like um well like Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya I mean I mean you know you know well so so so uh betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have well like I mean you know I mean uh well well so the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa I mean like okay uh I mean you know uh I mean uh actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is well like uh I mean you know well so so so intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference so well well okay okay I mean uh I mean um to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature and is uh like okay uh well I mean I mean well uh not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on the sequence so okay like uh so okay uh I mean so of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement or recommendation well like um you know I mean like so well you know by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated you know uh okay well you know you know okay so so for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its okay um so well um like well uh um heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start brushing like I mean okay okay so so I mean uh I mean on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing you know okay so okay so uh well so I mean side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history tonight's well uh so you know I mean uh well uh um heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't know you know um uh I mean you know you know uh so uh exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about what well so okay you know uh well like um well happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States so you know so like okay um you know I mean so the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with so like like um well so um you know you know Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help so well uh like like I mean so you know uh you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart so so like you know okay like so um I mean and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through um well you know um uh okay so uh you know the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the like okay so um well uh um like I mean shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small uh like so like well um so okay you know dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was so uh okay I mean uh you know uh so you know locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil I mean well I mean so you know I mean I mean you know um presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life so so so well you know um uh you know I mean through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin like um I mean um okay uh so I mean so Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse uh I mean like uh um I mean uh like so and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each um uh okay okay well um so uh like other's unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they so uh like like um um so okay so did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us okay I mean well well I mean I mean so um well believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about I mean like uh um I mean okay I mean I mean you know exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you um I mean okay you know like uh okay uh I mean from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh okay um um okay so uh um like well watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking I mean well um you know well I mean you know okay well pervs. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to so well you know uh uh well uh like so listen to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking I mean you know okay I mean so uh well well well for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is well well I mean okay uh you know well okay okay. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on um you know um you know okay like like okay like some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has so well uh so well like you know okay okay been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we well like um um so I mean so well you know talk about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which uh well well like okay so I mean um well Tim not only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both so so like uh so uh um well I mean are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The so so so uh so I mean so well uh night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are well um I mean you know well okay uh so uh there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal okay um uh uh uh uh like I mean well you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of uh well uh uh um uh well I mean uh several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that well you know okay I mean I mean okay you know so um next. But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't you know well you know well I mean uh uh you know well found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when I mean I mean like like you know I mean I mean so um you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's um um uh so okay okay okay so uh all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day you know uh like um okay like like like okay. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me you know uh I mean like like um you know you know okay on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray well okay okay you know um I mean well like okay this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going okay okay I mean I mean okay you know you know uh like to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of okay you know um so well you know okay so like it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay um um like so well okay like I mean well home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted uh I mean you know so well uh um like um to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went back to uh uh you know like I mean like I mean you know I mean bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the um well well I mean um you know uh so uh fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature like okay okay I mean uh you know well like like films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you you know uh um um um so okay I mean you know enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday okay well I mean so um you know okay you know you know. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow I mean so I mean okay uh uh so I mean um conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash so um okay you know well you know you know like uh past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by I mean like I mean so okay I mean well so so Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna like so like so like so well uh okay be her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here well um well I mean so I mean I mean like you know. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J I mean like so I mean um you know okay uh uh J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about uh I mean uh so uh so you know uh like basically making self. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a well like I mean uh well so okay I mean so really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there uh like you know I mean so like so I mean so to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right um like so um okay uh um so uh place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really excited uh I mean so uh I mean okay um well uh to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes you know you know well so uh uh I mean um I mean everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and um um like you know uh um I mean okay okay she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands uh I mean I mean okay so so you know well uh in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great um I mean so okay uh you know like well I mean to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of so I mean so so um okay like okay you know mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah okay so okay so uh um I mean well I mean. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want uh like um uh okay well so uh like to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison you know okay so well well you know uh so like Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the so okay well I mean well I mean I mean like you know description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie I mean well like like you know you know you know you know uh was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because okay I mean you know um uh uh well okay I mean Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie so you know so um so like um okay like was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she I mean um well well um well um so okay has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would um I mean so like you know I mean um like uh have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other uh like like like you know like um um like explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the um so well okay uh you know you know you know like comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're I mean okay so like so you know you know okay you know new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check I mean okay well like well uh so you know you know that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after like okay so okay okay like I mean I mean I mean show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready so uh like okay well you know so um like for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister Ginger um so you know I mean you know you know well um like labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She works uh so well like so I mean so you know um alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves as the like like I mean okay well you know uh like um Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee. That would be I mean um um well you know so uh you know you know quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has a I mean I mean like like I mean I mean uh um uh love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO chair okay okay well okay um like well I mean like person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some okay so okay well you know um so like like prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre um you know like so like so uh like um. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked you know um um I mean uh okay um so well to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada um okay so like well uh so like um Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast like okay like so well I mean you know uh you know seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're I mean okay so I mean well uh uh like I mean going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the you know uh I mean like like I mean well well okay pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons okay I mean okay okay I mean okay well well I mean and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie like um uh I mean well so so like I mean - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating um like okay okay uh you know uh uh like character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions okay you know uh I mean I mean well well you know I mean again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send like I mean you know I mean you know uh uh you know okay those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that Ali you know um so like well I mean well I mean so are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing you know uh well okay like uh okay so well doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, so you know uh um um well so like so you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot uh you know like you know um okay uh like like of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um like like like okay so so okay uh me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and you know uh uh well I mean um like I mean you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for so okay so um well um uh um you know you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can okay uh um well well you know you know so um make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make um um uh so I mean I mean um so like a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred I mean well I mean um you know you know uh uh okay on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a um well um well uh um I mean like I mean woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, so you know I mean you know uh I mean so like well a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative uh so like um you know uh um like you know medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with so like like like you know I mean like well um Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you so um uh okay you know I mean you know so I mean outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and okay so you know uh well okay you know uh um then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March I mean okay I mean okay you know like I mean like I mean 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college so you know um okay so you know so um like student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride um um like you know so okay well okay like late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now you know okay so so uh um you know you know I mean known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my so well I mean I mean um uh uh um okay Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow um I mean so uh like so well you know so ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house uh well okay okay like so you know like you know. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the um um I mean like um like I mean okay well other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going I mean okay so you know okay uh uh well you know to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or well so so so I mean like well I mean like not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple okay okay I mean you know I mean like uh uh uh whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you you know okay well well uh um uh like like know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front you know okay so you know well I mean uh uh um of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit uh um okay uh uh like so um well of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things uh okay like like uh uh so so like about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a um uh okay I mean I mean I mean like well you know lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know like I mean well like okay so I mean I mean your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free so you know so I mean well I mean I mean like okay anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out um well so so okay um like uh like. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick um so okay okay uh so well like uh parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with uh well like I mean I mean like um you know like people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be so um well okay okay uh I mean uh uh a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website I mean well okay you know like you know like uh uh at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you you know well so well uh like uh you know uh how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I I mean well you know okay uh well like like so see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good so so so like uh so like well um. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so um okay um okay you know uh okay like so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to so you know so you know you know like you know I mean well destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce um well uh um um okay I mean so so you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already okay uh so I mean uh like I mean I mean like know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it I mean you know like okay well so uh okay um going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to okay okay okay okay um well so you know okay mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about um so like uh like so so so um the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene you know okay I mean uh uh okay uh uh uh for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have I mean um so uh uh well you know I mean well any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys I mean well so uh well like uh I mean okay before we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real you know well uh okay so well uh I mean I mean quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to like I mean you know um I mean I mean okay you know so make a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here uh well uh I mean um you know okay uh uh today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of you know so um uh okay I mean I mean you know well like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really well okay so I mean so so you know so so know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a I mean uh you know like okay well uh uh so Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself a polyamorous like well so well uh so uh like okay person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So okay um like you know I mean well okay I mean uh and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability to love more uh well you know I mean okay you know well I mean okay than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out uh I mean well uh uh you know okay um so if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago so I mean you know um uh like you know like like. I reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production like I mean like okay I mean um so so uh crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation like um like well so um I mean like I mean speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is well you know well like okay I mean you know uh you know officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let I mean you know like well I mean like um well uh me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not so I mean so okay um so um so um the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? uh okay like uh well well so I mean I mean Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as um like like you know you know uh uh uh okay of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let well well I mean well you know so so like um me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today um so I mean you know okay um you know um uh on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a okay you know like okay I mean so you know well I mean deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and well um so I mean like um okay okay okay make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific uh um like so I mean uh I mean well you know on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's I mean I mean I mean okay uh you know well I mean um just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real uh um okay uh well so okay you know I mean real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met okay you know okay so I mean uh so I mean uh a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is well I mean I mean I mean okay so um you know I mean the one that loves music so much he will walk by the uh so um you know like okay uh well like what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him well you know I mean um like I mean so I mean like up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music okay so like so I mean you know like okay well so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start like you know well well okay I mean okay well well screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was um okay I mean um like okay so you know I mean kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're um I mean so okay I mean you know I mean you know uh going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are well okay you know okay I mean so um I mean well you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open. Sweet okay um so so I mean well okay like I mean cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in uh I mean you know so uh um uh you know you know because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we have like I mean okay um you know um so I mean uh a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here um you know um okay um uh I mean you know uh. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to well like well um okay well like you know um worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays uh well I mean okay you know okay uh you know so hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey like okay um uh I mean you know okay okay okay I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All you know well well um I mean well uh well um right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury um okay I mean well um you know I mean okay um from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this like well uh you know so I mean well like um one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and uh so you know okay so um you know uh you know I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just well you know you know okay um so so I mean uh keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat like okay I mean well I mean I mean like you know well with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth you know so so I mean you know well you know so well. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about so um you know so like like um um like it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce sister like you know well like um um okay okay so on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's a delight to like uh so so so um well well well be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just thrilled to so like so so okay I mean um well okay see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you well I mean I mean okay like well well okay uh. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing okay so um you know like um so like you know can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster than um well you know uh okay you know uh so well the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis are so I mean uh uh okay uh um um so spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if well like uh um okay I mean well so so it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered well okay okay um okay I mean okay I mean so that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality well um well so you know okay so um well with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to okay you know I mean so I mean okay okay okay so discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New I mean okay so you know I mean um you know I mean um Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will uh uh I mean well I mean uh I mean I mean uh be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will have you know well okay you know uh uh uh I mean I mean guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on uh like I mean I mean so so I mean I mean you know this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really I mean um like you know um um okay okay okay looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't I mean I mean you know so okay I mean like uh like have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't so okay uh like um uh I mean well um have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop like uh so you know like okay um like uh. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your um I mean well I mean okay okay like um I mean listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning like like you know well uh you know um um you know you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red well like I mean you know um I mean you know I mean so into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and like well I mean um like uh um I mean um let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being so well so um so okay um so um the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going you know so okay like okay so like well well to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of um uh I mean like uh well well well so these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a couple uh okay uh well okay I mean I mean so uh of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even uh you know you know um I mean okay well so um require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is you know um I mean well so I mean so um so advised this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some you know I mean well uh okay um I mean well uh people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa uh um okay so I mean so um I mean you know Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this okay um you know you know um okay uh so well cramped office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy so well I mean um I mean uh I mean um okay Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're um like so like well uh like so I mean involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his uh uh well uh you know like um well I mean teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just like um you know I mean uh I mean okay okay uh what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He I mean well you know okay uh um so you know like is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't uh okay I mean so well I mean okay okay um know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be uh okay uh you know I mean I mean uh you know like more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 uh I mean um okay I mean okay well I mean um of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to okay uh okay um um like um okay I mean Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This you know so um okay uh you know I mean well so is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin um well like like okay uh so uh well in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's so you know I mean like you know um I mean so like called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological well like like so okay so well um I mean virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing like okay okay I mean well you know I mean uh well all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on the like um you know um I mean uh um I mean you know help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for I mean like um so so like you know okay well Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not um uh well you know well um you know um uh yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope uh um well uh like um so uh I mean first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't um so you know you know like you know um uh uh heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me um uh I mean so like well you know like you know go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do like uh uh so well uh so so I mean there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like so um I mean like uh I mean uh like phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will so uh you know okay I mean you know uh I mean you know distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts uh well okay okay so okay I mean so you know. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum well like like I mean um like you know well well listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this okay I mean so well well uh you know uh you know is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed so I mean okay well uh um I mean I mean so this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with you know um so you know you know um I mean you know so God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go I mean uh um um um you know well uh okay with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is like um okay um I mean I mean like okay you know it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and so like uh you know uh um okay I mean I mean 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday uh okay okay you know you know like like uh okay. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, welcome welcome I mean uh um so so uh I mean well okay. It is the first of the month today and which I really really loved doing a you know uh okay so um uh I mean well like training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of the month because I you know um okay you know you know you know I mean I mean well think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here. There uh uh I mean okay uh uh like I mean you know are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got well uh um I mean um uh okay so you know to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to well like uh you know so okay okay okay like make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and um um uh uh so okay I mean like I mean you can make a difference and I want you to see that as well I mean okay okay like you know I mean well okay something Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for so you know like well okay uh you know okay like because sometimes we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for like well uh you know well okay you know well so to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, like like so like like okay I mean well okay I am. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new like well uh so uh um uh you know so setting which you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, well I mean I mean so I mean well like I mean uh I'm good. And this week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How so okay I mean uh well well um so so are you both? Yeah for the good week. We've been busy lots to talk okay well you know you know uh so you know so you know about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new uh like like um okay um like so well home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles I mean you know I mean well um like so well okay Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The um well like you know well I mean well like well summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to you know you know um I mean um you know um like well killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some I mean so well like okay you know um so like true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic okay okay you know okay I mean uh like you know okay like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned like I mean okay well so uh I mean like um their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety you know well uh okay okay um so okay well this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name you know uh so um um okay well like um is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I wanted uh so uh well like uh well uh well to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am interested um uh uh you know I mean well so um well in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce businesses uh like like well so I mean well well uh. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary I mean so uh so uh like um I mean like licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things so um um like well like so okay well that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their uh so um um I mean okay okay okay well business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency you know okay uh you know um I mean so I mean uh created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in like okay I mean well you know I mean well well okay the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East um um so I mean like uh uh uh like some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will I mean I mean like okay okay um so like uh learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less so uh well like well like okay you know like cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm so uh you know um um like so so okay your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend well you know you know I mean well like like I mean uh Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes okay I mean uh uh well so like so you know with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who I mean okay uh so I mean uh okay you know like said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe um um okay uh uh I mean I mean um like and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in like okay well like so uh well I mean so the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was you know uh you know like you know you know so well well called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most okay you know um um like um you know I mean like exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you and like well you know um like so um okay you know I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan uh I mean uh well okay so well uh you know of history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this so well you know uh uh okay I mean well so role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will uh I mean so so um you know like I mean you know Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw um okay well like um okay um like well a specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce like okay uh um so like okay so I mean to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that um um I mean uh I mean like like uh I mean we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it I mean so like well so well um uh like a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we well I mean so um so like you know uh I mean are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of you know I mean so okay okay I mean you know like so just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us you know okay um you know um uh you know um like start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and you know okay like uh well okay okay well I mean kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an well like okay um okay um okay like um introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm like uh uh well uh uh so like uh so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard um um like you know uh I mean well um so. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest um like you know uh okay I mean you know okay uh one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick you know so I mean so like like okay like I mean Peterson is in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? okay um well I mean um so uh you know I mean Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good I mean uh uh um so um so so I mean good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the you know I mean I mean okay uh uh well okay I mean results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival so I mean uh well um like uh like I mean selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade so uh like you know so uh well okay like 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've well okay well um uh okay like you know like currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil I mean okay you know uh uh uh you know well you know our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr you know like um okay I mean um okay well um. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro well okay okay um I mean you know um well I mean. To one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now you know well like like you know um so well uh by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 I mean you know so okay okay I mean okay like um and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into uh okay like so so well um um well much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if uh I mean you know um you know okay so so I mean I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk um well um like you know um um well I mean now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So well well um well so you know you know um so I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is I mean you know I mean well okay so uh like so the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode like okay so like okay okay well um um. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good I mean well um well um uh so like so night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of um so uh um okay um like okay so the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the uh well so you know so uh like you know well footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to um um um like uh like uh you know well work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the so uh so like well well well um okay video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which okay I mean um so like so so well you know deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, you know like um you know you know well uh um uh we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't I mean well uh um okay uh I mean okay okay figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you um like like okay you know well you know well I mean a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you uh uh so I mean well well um um well never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way shape or like you know like um so okay um okay well form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm not famous um um okay like um okay I mean I mean uh. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high you know um I mean so like well well I mean um school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little okay okay so uh so okay I mean um you know Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell that you know like like well um I mean I mean like uh devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil I mean like well well I mean you know okay so I mean who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of like okay okay okay well okay uh um uh all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the so well so um you know um okay um uh law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come near you know okay well um okay uh I mean okay okay me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I like I mean uh I mean you know you know um like I mean Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with the uh you know well like so well you know okay I mean father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that so okay uh I mean like um well okay well surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is okay uh like um I mean okay well well um in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put you know so um well like um uh you know so up the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been given uh I mean well uh um well uh um uh to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all my well well um I mean so uh so uh um needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the so I mean well um uh so I mean uh I mean shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not I mean well well um you know like you know well uh be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because uh so uh like so uh um well okay we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be um like um okay like okay like so well more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this you know okay so like you know um uh um well chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm like I mean you know I mean I mean okay okay I mean so excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson you know so well so um okay um okay I mean and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing you know so um like uh uh like like um good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to tell everybody well I mean like I mean okay uh okay you know um that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and okay okay uh uh you know so um I mean um Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after okay so so uh I mean I mean you know so you know the trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to well okay you know um okay like um um well today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the well so you know so okay well um like so 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US uh uh so well okay um so so I mean were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime okay well okay well you know um um uh well of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This um well okay uh well I mean well so uh podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a like I mean um you know uh so like um okay few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of so uh so well I mean so I mean like well books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your um okay okay uh uh okay I mean I mean so questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on I mean you know I mean so well um I mean so you know iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving you know I mean well well so you know you know uh like a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So um uh okay uh well well uh okay so please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit okay so uh so you know okay I mean so so me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for well uh uh you know uh you know uh uh okay near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but well I mean um you know well you know I mean well uh while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin from I mean you know like uh well okay um um um engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think HootSuite launches um uh like okay um you know um uh like a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches a very new I mean uh well well so okay like um well helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other people's ideas into you know uh uh so okay you know like uh you know their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you missed today I mean I mean so uh so uh so like well in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer does and set okay um um you know uh so I mean like so up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from uh like well you know okay uh you know uh well the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine your I mean uh so like I mean I mean so um like surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack okay like well well okay okay I mean okay um everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so uh like you know so so well um you know like that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This uh well okay uh uh okay okay uh okay episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We um so um you know I mean I mean uh like okay wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly you know uh so well like so I mean okay uh that they give you everything you need in one place for free and I mean you know like okay okay I mean you know so so you can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things uh well um I mean so like okay like uh we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record so I mean so I mean you know I mean you know so um and edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard um like so I mean you know you know so so well everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with uh you know okay well okay I mean I mean well okay no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make I mean so well well uh okay like um I mean your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener well like well you know like like uh okay um discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about so uh well like I mean um well uh okay to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode like I mean like I mean like uh like so like combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure uh you know okay I mean so um uh okay like to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC I mean I mean you know um well you know so you know like gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child uh well so uh okay I mean so you know uh named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some uh I mean uh I mean like you know um so I mean exercise squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on well well uh uh I mean well okay I mean okay which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank so you know I mean you know I mean so you know so uh you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better. But like like well I mean like I mean well uh um now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train legs okay you know um okay uh so um uh okay. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I so uh I mean I mean you know like I mean well um didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one of these well um like well um you know uh well you know people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt well okay uh you know uh I mean okay I mean you know from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as it feels well like I mean um um like like well um better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using this special well uh like well um I mean so you know um injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going to improve things um well so I mean so so so so you know for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our um I mean uh I mean um uh um uh you know I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have I mean well so okay uh you know okay you know well a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's your okay I mean like um I mean so uh like I mean Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm just I'm so you know um so okay well okay I mean uh just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at work. Now okay so uh so I mean you know so okay okay. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah well um you know like so okay um so uh. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop you know so so I mean you know okay okay like you know star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today okay you know well well okay so okay you know uh and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes okay you know well so uh so okay I mean you know. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering well okay well I mean like uh you know you know I mean the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of uh you know okay um um well you know you know like initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's you know like like uh so uh okay like like go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time okay I mean well I mean well you know I mean I mean so what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you know you know okay well uh you know like uh so you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the uh uh you know I mean okay uh okay you know um beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe you know I mean um okay like okay like okay uh winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this in um so uh okay I mean okay uh I mean well my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host so okay um uh well well like well well Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is okay I mean you know you know I mean I mean I mean uh well Josh character. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University well you know um so um like well okay uh of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to uh well well so I mean so you know uh like tell us some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my um like so um um okay uh like um bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight like you know I mean okay well um okay okay you know. I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing so um uh so uh well uh okay well I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night um um okay um like I mean well like I mean plus in Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight I mean uh okay you know well so so like you know competitive team calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about you know so you know like you know I mean well so I mean anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way I mean um okay so um you know okay okay you know to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you know okay you know I mean you know okay okay so uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will you know well so um well you know okay well okay distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more well um like okay okay like like uh well you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you know uh uh so um so I mean I mean well need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or so so I mean uh I mean okay like I mean so go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the um uh so you know okay you know like so okay game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court well I mean uh uh so okay okay well um of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber uh well well so I mean okay uh okay so. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme you know you know um um uh you know you know well you know Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's I mean like um okay okay like like uh like go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard like like okay you know um like uh uh you know Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution well I mean I mean so so well so well uh is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger like so so like well uh um uh like Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on um you know well I mean you know okay I mean I mean well a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the so you know I mean um okay like you know so um sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an you know you know okay well um well uh like uh effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches you know you know I mean well I mean I mean like okay I mean of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed well I mean um like okay you know okay uh like US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, well so okay well well so so um I mean they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the okay like well you know well well I mean like I mean situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect well um so um um well well okay like those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of I mean so so you know well well like like I mean the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program um okay um uh so so like uh uh the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on I mean you know like so um uh uh um I mean but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, okay uh um um you know so okay okay like Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to I mean like I mean so I mean well I mean okay I mean say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break uh you know well well okay okay um um I mean that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free you know I mean uh um I mean like you know uh um anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and um I mean uh well I mean you know you know I mean um Publishing. They do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there uh like like um so uh okay okay uh that lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So uh I mean I mean so um uh you know so okay what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus after I mean okay I mean I mean I mean like um you know uh healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up and okay well well okay well well I mean so I mean he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be with the so like well uh okay well I mean you know um father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father you know I mean so uh you know uh so well you know in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and he I mean okay like like okay well um I mean I mean says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I needed I mean so so okay you know uh I mean I mean well to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else um um you know so I mean uh um so uh. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude so I mean well so uh okay well well you know of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God okay uh okay like I mean you know I mean so uh the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session I mean like okay so uh like okay okay you know. We would be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I well so okay okay you know okay you know uh okay would be your host for the session. So let's get started. What is well um okay I mean um uh well like I mean programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will I mean well I mean um like um like like um hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation okay like you know like I mean well you know uh well makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising um I mean well I mean uh okay okay so well efforts in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for okay like uh like so uh so you know okay 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American okay okay um you know okay okay I mean I mean um. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? I mean okay uh okay so like I mean I mean you know Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going uh well you know I mean I mean uh you know you know I mean on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt okay well um um you know so like uh like. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live you know well you know like like so so well you know last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of um I mean um uh like uh like um well I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars so you know well so okay you know well I mean like. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian okay uh uh okay um so uh okay so guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, okay you know like um well I mean you know I mean I mean you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all so you know you know so I mean like okay you know so sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article go well I mean I mean uh like like so you know I mean. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to say um I mean you know um so uh like you know okay Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about the things um uh well uh um uh uh okay okay that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history of song okay I mean okay uh well um so uh you know titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean give me um so you know uh uh uh um I mean so a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on for 2000 well you know you know so like I mean so well well album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number for 31. One so okay well so so uh well uh you know out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam me I mean so uh okay well uh you know you know so Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on so I mean so you know like um okay I mean like the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the you know you know you know so well you know well like like 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this list you know I mean um okay you know you know uh I mean well to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real soon you know um so so I mean um well you know um. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA um I mean okay okay okay like uh um um garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey so um I mean I mean so like uh well you know balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me I mean so uh okay so um okay uh you know if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about like um you know like well you know like you know so last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast so like so well um well you know like okay with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of um well um uh so um like um so course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very um so okay uh uh okay so well well well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting like you know uh like so I mean uh so well down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one so so well I mean like well I mean well um of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The well well I mean okay um like okay uh you know excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails you know uh okay well okay okay okay like so exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to um like okay like well so well um I mean our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast like um I mean like so um like you know I mean. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded like I mean um okay so you know I mean okay um and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the um like okay so you know so okay so you know heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the well you know you know uh I mean so I mean uh well division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division well well I mean um um uh okay like like stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on well uh you know well like uh um uh uh diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the okay well okay you know so um um so like day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat despite its okay well you know okay um okay well uh okay french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even if you I mean okay okay well um well um uh you know haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to I mean um um well I mean you know like um you know a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it uh okay so well you know well well well so It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the aspiring well okay like okay you know I mean well um um painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits you know like you know uh I mean you know uh um so places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you know well I mean well well like I mean I mean you know you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We um you know so uh um like I mean okay I mean are discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie uh well okay uh uh so um okay well. I'm excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and um okay so like so um you know like uh do our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite well uh I mean you know like you know uh I mean okay cartoon is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really well you know well uh well like uh so well liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got okay like um so you know okay okay uh okay the main employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really uh um like you know so uh well you know like cheesy and a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 well uh okay I mean like well like um so at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at well so like well like like okay so um a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original uh you know I mean uh well like like well you know peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by like well you know uh um well well well so the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from I mean okay like I mean like I mean like I mean so Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, I mean uh you know uh okay um you know okay um but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As um uh well so um so uh I mean like always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any um well okay I mean uh um uh you know so condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please so you know um I mean so like um um I mean seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current um uh uh okay well like okay so okay lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in so uh like so uh okay you know uh so 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top I mean well um okay you know I mean like you know so. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush like like I mean so I mean okay well um um show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and you know uh um so I mean okay I mean so you know I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda okay so uh you know like like like well like ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has so you know like uh okay well like uh I mean a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're so um uh um I mean you know like you know well vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of well you know okay like um so um um like people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho um um um well uh like well I mean well Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants so uh okay I mean you know I mean like okay okay and we're here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today uh okay you know like like um you know uh I mean and have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is like uh okay um I mean I mean okay well um a very fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit well like um okay okay okay uh okay you know with me about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great I mean like I mean I mean um I mean like I mean well topic for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get you know um like so um so well uh um right into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is okay uh I mean okay um so uh um um my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let so you know well uh uh you know so I mean you know you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast um you know you know like like like uh you know like. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There I mean uh so like like um you know well so are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your so um so uh well I mean uh like okay phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be you know uh well uh like like uh so like heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money uh uh okay you know I mean so so you know like from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a so so so uh um uh um uh so podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood um like I mean okay so I mean so like like and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a uh so um so you know like um I mean you know crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered um I mean like so okay so like so well here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to you know well you know well you know well well um well no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to um like okay uh so so you know well uh talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get I mean uh I mean uh so um uh like uh this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now um um um well so like like well like on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet um I mean uh okay um so I mean um you know. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one of I mean okay so like uh okay you know um so my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do like you know like okay you know like you know okay I mean you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather than um um uh I mean well um uh um well from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of you know you know you know uh well okay so uh okay the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has to um so okay you know like I mean like like you know be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be legio okay well okay I mean I mean I mean you know so I mean be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it well you know um uh okay like I mean like so for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so like okay you know you know uh okay so uh um taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and uh like like uh I mean I mean like well well also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled or okay um so well I mean okay um like okay to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables us you know uh you know so well okay uh well um more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem well you know okay like I mean like okay well well like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how the world so okay like I mean uh so you know okay like is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us like well so well like I mean so so well who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to um I mean so you know well I mean okay like so people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy so I mean you know like okay I mean well um like it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome I mean well uh well like well you know like okay to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian okay uh like well you know you know okay I mean you know father to Bay Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room well um you know so so so like you know uh in just on the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that so I mean you know like okay okay uh so okay I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small so well uh uh well you know okay um you know range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living well um so well so um I mean okay okay cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose I mean I mean okay okay I mean uh well I mean you know levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which like uh um um uh like like you know uh is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the well okay I mean okay uh well um well okay pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose like I mean uh um so uh so you know well if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin um so so um you know like okay uh you know into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the you know okay um uh um uh um uh so excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble uh okay you know well like um I mean so I mean and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a well uh so I mean you know okay so so well normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today like well well I mean like uh you know like so. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total uh okay so you know uh um okay like um Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy you know so okay you know okay like uh uh well been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people well like you know like so I mean um well okay on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them okay like I mean you know okay um um um I mean. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first so you know okay um um well uh you know like half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio like like so okay so I mean well I mean um was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to okay like well well okay um you know okay I mean follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle uh well so you know like uh uh uh I mean is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of um okay I mean um okay okay so okay like March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the um uh I mean you know so I mean so so um morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate um well uh okay okay um like so uh cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a like okay okay um so well so well uh new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut so okay like um I mean you know so you know so the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly okay uh you know uh uh you know I mean so so passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 you know you know okay okay um you know um well you know seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems you know so I mean you know like like like uh I mean they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by I mean um I mean okay um okay um well uh 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime okay so like well like you know uh well okay podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret um um I mean well you know okay like I mean okay today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by um well I mean so okay like uh like okay. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back okay uh okay well um uh I mean okay okay in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments participant so like you know so okay like um okay so skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I uh um um I mean well um um you know like guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my well like um um so well well so okay personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity like you know okay okay I mean so like so like case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast you know I mean um uh well so you know like you know. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator you know I mean you know I mean you know uh uh well so of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor okay well like I mean okay I mean so um uh then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson well like um okay well okay I mean like okay Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to well I mean so you know um you know I mean um okay talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the okay um okay um um you know uh so like Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they so like I mean okay like well you know um okay did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they um like uh I mean uh I mean okay uh okay got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that you know so you know like so I mean uh like well lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out so like um so I mean well uh you know um in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most um um you know like like like okay so like of the time they were up by like six or something like that but uh so okay I mean um so um okay okay it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance I mean so like um I mean uh like I mean um but a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as like okay well like so uh so well so much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject okay well you know well okay like so okay well matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone discretion is okay uh so um I mean um um I mean uh advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about sex with an well uh uh um you know um uh okay like adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to them. This is so so well I mean I mean okay you know okay well a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on a mission uh okay okay um okay uh like you know well to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was one way I mean so uh so well I mean like well like they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like uh uh like um well uh I mean like uh the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent Adam okay um like like uh okay well uh uh Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has I mean well well okay you know like well like well been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor uh well uh um you know I mean uh well well Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz you know um well like like uh well um I mean and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen uh okay well uh um okay I mean like so Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right I mean uh okay okay you know uh you know okay you know can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, well well like okay well so like well well right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates well I mean um well you know uh well I mean so and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout uh I mean uh so I mean I mean like I mean well out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie uh okay you know like um you know uh well so and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call I mean I mean I mean uh so like like um so the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're so I mean I mean uh um um so okay so going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course do well uh you know I mean like I mean uh like well our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're going like I mean you know well okay uh I mean uh I mean with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation um um I mean uh uh uh I mean okay um. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen you know like like okay so like so um okay Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of like okay okay okay okay um well so okay their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering so uh so well like like so um so the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old like you know um I mean like like well um so aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a like like I mean you know I mean uh okay I mean well lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My well you know um well okay I mean um I mean so name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and well uh like you know okay I mean um uh well we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first you know I mean like well you know I mean so uh okay episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus um I mean like I mean uh so like uh like of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every well you know okay uh okay okay well um like Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you so okay like okay um okay so I mean like guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll okay um like uh well so uh okay so give you the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling um I mean so uh you know so well you know so the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the these you know uh um um um well um I mean well are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three days well well like well like you know um so like later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys okay well well um uh uh well you know um and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through infertility I mean okay well okay I mean I mean um you know so adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is Journey so you know okay uh okay like like so well well I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day. I get a well okay so so okay uh okay I mean uh text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going through infertility or um okay like you know so uh so so so adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or I'll get some from so um um uh okay okay like um um somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this you know like well uh uh um so um I mean segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep okay um like so okay uh like um like in mind. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you well like you know okay um I mean okay well well were born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if uh like you know um so uh uh you know you know you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information you know uh okay um you know well uh well uh on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put I mean like uh like well I mean like you know okay it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm you know well I mean you know so okay well I mean well joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys um um well I mean like uh um um so of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha I mean uh okay um well you know uh so uh. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know so you know so uh you know you know um um uh Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in um okay okay uh so um so so I mean the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick um well well I mean uh uh okay you know okay on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good okay you know I mean okay okay I mean you know you know like guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity uh um uh you know well okay um you know okay encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start uh um so so okay so well you know okay brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles so you know I mean so okay like uh like well around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of um well I mean so so uh so so so a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated well like well like uh like uh you know I mean fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up in California I mean so uh uh like uh so um so and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping to pick uh uh well okay so so you know you know you know the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores was well well well uh well okay uh um so a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou I mean I mean like well like uh I mean well like shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor like uh well um uh well um you know uh his cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite okay I mean um okay like so like well like exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do uh I mean um I mean like uh okay so okay not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden okay well um I mean like uh well like so above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done so you know I mean okay well like like so you know or not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in okay uh um um like like okay uh okay order that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where um you know I mean okay well um uh well well the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter well you know I mean I mean you know I mean like I mean okay by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony like well I mean like like uh so uh well in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the I mean um okay uh like I mean you know you know you know prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He like so you know I mean well I mean um you know you know is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda um well you know like um okay so um um. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk well um um like I mean well um you know um about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house I mean um uh okay I mean so well uh so for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night okay well well so so so I mean well uh for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say like so well like like you know like um so that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments I mean um well uh you know okay so okay like with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta I mean I mean so I mean well like okay um I mean myths so I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it well uh like so you know uh you know so like off, but I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like you know um I mean uh you know well well I mean okay grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey I mean okay so um uh you know so um uh they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys okay uh so okay I mean so okay you know I mean have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last um I mean like uh so uh like uh you know year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not well okay I mean I mean uh okay um okay I mean really sure but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's I mean okay uh like okay uh okay um um me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody um so uh well so okay um okay like and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt like um like um okay so you know well you know that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried uh like okay I mean um so okay um okay so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, well okay I mean um I mean like um I mean I mean folks enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been uh you know so like uh uh okay so um responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a bit uh okay well like you know you know okay okay so silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once again. We're uh so I mean uh so I mean uh you know you know on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another episode season like okay so like like um um like I mean 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later uh uh okay uh you know like um like uh today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason you know um like I mean so well uh you know okay. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to like well um okay like uh I mean um okay give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have uh um well so so I mean so uh uh people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like Hey, so uh um uh I mean um um well you know we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually had a okay you know you know uh you know I mean well like so lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach out to like um so well I mean okay so uh uh us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the first time um well you know well like so well so I mean. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where he you know I mean um um I mean um okay okay so would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far okay okay like um well so so um okay if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you well you know you know uh uh well I mean you know so about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way um uh you know okay well um um you know um to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to like so I mean well okay uh okay you know like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast like uh so you know okay I mean well okay uh for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you know like well I mean um you know well okay uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you um like uh uh okay like okay you know I mean need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or um so uh like um well okay you know you know go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted so so okay you know okay well uh like you know to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest uh I mean um well okay you know you know like um way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are uh um so so uh uh well uh I mean actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to I mean um you know I mean um okay uh um I mean record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the so so okay like uh uh okay I mean well packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using you know well well you know okay you know I mean um uh different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we um so well I mean okay like so okay like need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or I mean like um I mean um you know um okay well cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money okay you know uh well like um uh well like with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you okay I mean you know like well um well okay I mean better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting like so okay well well well like you know you know topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin uh you know uh well so um like okay um eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah like I mean so I mean I mean um like okay so. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys okay um um I mean like like you know you know okay. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if uh well you know uh uh you know I mean like like you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is like well so you know I mean so like I mean you know episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm like you know um uh like uh you know I mean okay just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to I mean you know like so so well I mean uh you know all of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is well you know you know I mean so well so well um episode 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite you know uh I mean um I mean like I mean okay you know subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So um um I mean okay um well um okay uh I can't wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec like you know like I mean uh like so okay so science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur um you know you know like okay I mean so you know I mean started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last I mean uh um well well I mean so well uh four years have built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't well I mean so you know uh like uh like uh have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want well well you know I mean like uh uh like well to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you okay you know like I mean you know okay like like you know enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make okay uh you know okay um uh I mean well I mean podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so I mean um okay um well well you know uh podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So okay so you know uh so well okay so um you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you okay okay so um um okay I mean I mean uh can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful like um uh like so I mean like um uh podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every uh you know well you know well like so uh um touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the well I mean so you know uh like um okay okay value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM uh I mean uh I mean well okay well you know you know Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times um like well like like um well uh okay every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your like okay I mean you know well uh uh so I mean first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and um uh so like I mean okay so um so I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode so you know well you know uh um so so well was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things like like like like um so like well you know that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we uh okay uh um I mean uh you know like uh have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got okay like you know okay well um so like so Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar uh I mean so okay well okay uh you know uh purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast uh so like so like uh well well you know for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money you know like I mean uh um I mean I mean you know like Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private I mean you know you know I mean um um like uh so accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of um okay okay so um like okay like uh amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that you know so so you know you know I mean well so so when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start uh you know like I mean well I mean like okay uh running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I you know I mean so so so like well like well don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that so um so like you know I mean um uh like there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further than where um like okay well well um uh um I mean we are that if we get enough power we can we can live this so you know okay like well well okay I mean well life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as I mean so so you know you know I mean so like I mean we kind of got if I can give all of myself and so well um so okay like I mean um uh be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of you know um I mean um like well I mean well um life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild like like I mean you know okay I mean um like um into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based so um um well so well you know I mean uh on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth okay okay okay I mean um you know you know I mean like Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal uh uh uh well I mean well so you know um relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion well I mean you know okay well well so you know I mean matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So all well like you know so so like you know I mean well the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that I mean uh so well okay I mean uh I mean I mean night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation um uh you know I mean well like you know well I mean said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know you know I mean like um okay so well so like that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's uh you know like um well I mean like um well the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation I mean well uh you know I mean um so uh okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean you know you know you know you know well so you know like or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins uh you know I mean okay well uh you know you know um will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts like I mean okay like um uh okay so okay and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum so okay so well uh uh like uh um listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place so so like you know you know uh well uh okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started um like well you know well well I mean I mean well now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat like so okay so like you know so you know like for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good you know uh okay I mean you know okay well uh you know old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on well like well um I mean um well well like the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and I mean um um uh um uh um so I mean a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking okay well uh um so you know so like I mean for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host I mean um like like you know um okay so uh Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a I mean like uh okay um well uh you know you know mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done I mean okay um like well um um so so that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't I mean okay um I mean uh like like um okay experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like like um okay I mean I mean I mean you know you know like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way I mean like so well um like uh well I mean out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes after like okay you know well well you know uh um uh they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and so I mean um I mean like you know uh like uh how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody you know uh you know okay okay uh I mean well I mean teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's uh like like you know like um so you know like called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you uh uh um okay I mean uh um I mean you know how to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them um you know uh so like so so I mean uh up in a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about I mean you know well you know so um well well okay that is you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of like um like okay like I mean like so um the paper. You were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow um um well you know uh okay so uh like them. So you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact well like I mean um I mean well you know well well that you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught I mean so like like uh like I mean um I mean that in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow I mean uh um okay you know uh okay well okay directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some um you know I mean um uh well like I mean well listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden okay well um okay um okay I mean you know I mean frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and echoed so so um so uh so like well like into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with her 13th so okay well okay okay well well you know okay child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was well you know like well uh well okay well okay a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched so you know you know well okay um you know I mean I mean on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide well I mean I mean you know so you know well uh um for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's I mean okay okay so okay um uh um okay number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I um you know um um okay I mean like okay well must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last okay uh I mean so so you know well so so weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son like um I mean okay I mean uh I mean uh so you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son well okay uh um well like so I mean uh all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 like um I mean well okay you know um like well episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, I mean um you know like um well um okay well you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs now well well um okay so you know like you know I mean today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of I mean so you know um well like well um uh you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel okay well I mean uh okay well I mean okay uh getting ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had well like like uh well um okay you know I mean a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you um you know I mean okay like I mean okay so you know know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had uh like I mean okay I mean um uh okay so someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a uh well okay um okay I mean you know um uh decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into RN uh like uh so um like like like you know school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2 so like like um um like um so I mean. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that uh um so you know so well okay you know I mean last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching you know uh um okay okay so you know like you know out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, well well okay uh I mean I mean uh you know okay I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist well so so um okay like you know like well because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing uh um like well like uh you know I mean well Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I well well uh so uh uh okay um okay also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video series like so I mean well you know um well um you know. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow well um so I mean um I mean um you know um. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It well uh well you know I mean like uh you know uh has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the so um like like um you know well like well specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly. So um I mean so um I mean uh well like you know let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually really interesting last well so you know so you know um well um um week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you just base prison PSA I mean like you know okay you know uh I mean um um tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last I mean I mean well like I mean I mean you know uh uh three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host any pain okay well you know so you know so well well like fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm uh um uh I mean uh uh well um um so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi uh like um okay well uh so you know well. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips like like I mean um so so I mean okay uh. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played okay you know like like um well well you know um podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now okay um like you know you know um I mean um like and until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a uh uh like so you know so so well okay Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm so okay um okay you know uh you know you know you know playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners uh um well well well so well so you know before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our you know okay so uh um you know you know um okay sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a uh uh well well well like I mean uh well podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a uh so well uh well um I mean um so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay so I mean well like so okay like I mean your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets uh you know uh so like like like like so for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and well uh okay okay well you know like um okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you I mean uh um like um you know I mean you know like need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or well uh um so I mean so like um I mean go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that uh I mean okay um like so you know you know like works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just uh um you know so like okay I mean well uh want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It I mean I mean well I mean so well okay well I mean was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic okay I mean I mean you know um uh uh uh so. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably like I mean well I mean okay well um um well why I asking like what in the world does not even know like what is you know I mean I mean um well I mean like I mean well my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and like like um uh so like uh um uh I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just so well you know you know you know uh well I mean like one way which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what so you know I mean uh so so um uh okay you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights you know okay like you know you know well I mean uh I mean for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day uh I mean you know I mean so uh um so like Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This well you know I mean okay um so well uh well episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this you know like you know I mean um I mean okay well like podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor um uh you know so okay I mean okay okay like is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you I mean so uh well I mean I mean like so I mean to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger I mean you know um so well so like so like will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple okay well you know I mean you know okay well um like podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a uh you know so like uh uh you know uh uh podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a okay uh well um uh like okay like so Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be uh like I mean okay okay um so um like going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying you know uh well you know well well like uh well down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also so like well okay you know so I mean uh uh do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make okay like I mean like you know um well okay uh sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if like I mean I mean I mean like well well you know so you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have well uh um so well well well so well your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you you know you know well so so you know um okay you know find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find like uh like I mean you know uh uh like I mean your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV so so like well uh uh so um okay top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare okay okay well uh you know uh I mean I mean uh me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 you know I mean I mean well so uh well so okay fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting I mean um so um I mean well I mean uh okay so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor I mean you know so well well um I mean okay you know grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have I mean I mean well so well okay like uh you know Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello okay okay I mean well so um uh you know uh winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited so like okay uh like um so uh well to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the um well um uh I mean I mean you know you know uh back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this you know I mean okay like like like okay um well episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat uh I mean okay well I mean you know like so like. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today I mean like um like uh you know so I mean like you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I I mean um you know I mean I mean like like um um just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving um I mean you know well uh um uh um like and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner well so okay um well well you know well so. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura I mean uh like so like you know um so like knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures I mean so like like like um uh I mean so the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my you know okay okay okay um okay you know I mean well section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it so well like like you know uh um you know so real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real um like um okay so uh okay you know uh quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you so I mean I mean okay okay well like um I mean that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always okay I mean well well like I mean I mean like well had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and I mean you know um like I mean so um okay like Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited I mean well I mean you know like okay well um well for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what it so okay okay uh uh well well uh I mean is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So well okay okay um okay um you know well so today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we think I mean okay you know okay you know okay okay so like they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing the well okay um I mean you know I mean okay you know like show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps you know uh uh like I mean well well um uh us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for so I mean um you know um so um you know so this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? uh I mean okay I mean so okay so well so I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's uh you know uh well you know well you know well so been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we well you know okay uh I mean like okay okay um recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is uh um so I mean I mean you know okay so okay actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded uh like I mean I mean like uh well so um after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little you know you know um um so I mean um uh um bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you um well okay um I mean uh like well like know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after uh I mean I mean you know you know well you know um uh we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this so uh okay like like uh you know well you know snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the um okay you know uh um um okay so um way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step uh well you know you know well okay um well um the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting so um you know like I mean um okay like so service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to like you know I mean you know like okay so so like Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You okay I mean um okay you know um okay well okay name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top um like like I mean you know you know like you know okay of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so well like uh uh uh uh well like uh much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to like okay you know so like uh like so so know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay so I mean uh like um okay uh I mean I mean for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will I mean you know so um uh well uh you know um hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app well um I mean like like like okay so uh or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the I mean like uh uh like okay um uh well tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward well so um I mean well um I mean I mean you know slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you know okay like I mean like okay like uh um you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a uh okay so you know okay well I mean uh uh short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have you know okay like um I mean okay I mean I mean um written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious okay uh okay so uh okay well um I mean truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is you know you know okay you know like like um you know I mean free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book so I mean um I mean I mean well you know so like is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate well like like um so okay I mean well okay that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from like well you know so uh um well well you know the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to like I mean um okay so well um well uh left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be so well so okay like you know you know um um on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm you know well like well okay you know so um uh trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So uh like you know you know um I mean well so um I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is okay I mean I mean okay okay like okay I mean uh fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now um you know like um okay so you know uh uh here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode um um I mean well so like uh um like of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me I mean uh um um like so um I mean well is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last uh uh so I mean um I mean well you know um episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually like you know like okay like so like um well been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 well um well so so you know so uh I mean because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had okay I mean like so uh like so well you know a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and so you know well well I mean uh okay I mean well record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I um uh well like like like I mean so you know love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone well uh I mean like well um um so so in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I okay uh um like well I mean like so so hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in um well like um like like uh um uh good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in okay like you know uh uh um uh so uh session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is well I mean so um well uh uh so um episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the um well like okay uh well um so well scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me um you know so um okay okay you know um um this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys okay like well uh you know uh so uh you know. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at uh okay you know okay I mean I mean you know um I mean Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm um like um uh you know you know you know um like on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus so um well uh uh um like okay I mean and I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and um so well okay you know um okay uh so I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with you know you know well well okay um I mean well um my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today like uh um um well I mean so so okay is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's okay so uh so uh like you know I mean you know so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this you know um so uh uh uh okay I mean I mean journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I mean um so um uh so um like um I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this okay I mean I mean so um you know uh um like. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct I mean um so I mean you know well well like uh the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the like I mean um um um okay um uh uh fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal I mean like um you know um uh uh like like development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also you know so well well um you know so well well is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he I mean you know uh um okay you know um well like is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity is um I mean I mean I mean well okay well um so to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage and honor. I'll so I mean uh well well you know um um um get into more detail about because I said it would in the interview, I mean okay well like I mean like um so okay but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are like well like well um so I mean so you know serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we mean like well um um uh um um like okay them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is you know well so so I mean so so you know so a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in I mean uh I mean so you know um so you know you know the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I so like uh um well like uh um like guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I had a um um I mean like so I mean I mean so I mean surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little bit the like um I mean so okay I mean well you know uh day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It uh like I mean I mean you know I mean so I mean so is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the like like well you know I mean okay okay uh um end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 you know well I mean okay so so um I mean well following it says this and the evening of that first day of the I mean well okay like okay okay you know you know uh week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the uh so well you know well you know like well so Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he uh okay I mean well uh so okay uh um said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom of uh I mean you know well uh okay okay you know well the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to I mean okay uh uh okay um I mean okay like gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime okay so you know so um you know uh uh well but a little bit of a better return to what we used to okay like I mean I mean so um I mean okay you know last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a like you know well um I mean you know uh uh like turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of um you know uh you know uh I mean okay um so wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci like um okay I mean well well okay you know well a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will um well I mean um like okay you know I mean well guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero uh like you know like like like you know well uh de finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life uh you know um okay you know like you know well I mean and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with so so um uh I mean so like so okay nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do I mean well okay okay uh like so well well a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to well okay like I mean so I mean you know uh uh carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to um um I mean okay like I mean I mean so uh a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves like so so so you know well well well you know as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his uh I mean I mean you know like well so uh I mean water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to so well you know um well you know I mean like like help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this well so um um you know you know so uh you know week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, like well so so okay okay well well um but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've um I mean I mean well uh you know you know so you know ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk I mean uh you know you know um uh okay I mean so in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within you know okay so I mean so you know like um well the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me I mean uh uh okay so um well you know like and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up so okay okay well um like uh okay well till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in like I mean like well like okay um I mean well the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water so like um well you know like you know um so everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He like you know well okay okay um like uh well gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's okay like um you know you know well I mean I mean so a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However well so I mean okay okay uh okay I mean um today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down I mean you know you know so like like well you know I mean today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of the uh so okay like well well okay well so copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first and then um you know I mean uh uh I mean okay so um then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are. So you know you know like um okay well well I mean you know I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and I've you know uh um um you know you know so I mean um got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this little cafe actually not okay well well okay um well well so I mean. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self American well okay you know I mean okay uh um I mean um flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of okay uh like um like well um okay okay your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to I mean so well like you know I mean I mean um um hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team um so like I mean like I mean like well uh. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas uh well like like uh you know you know uh you know provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the like so I mean um like um uh well so degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by um so you know okay you know uh um you know well the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the well so I mean uh okay okay so I mean well anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a okay uh um uh well I mean well I mean um podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, there's I mean okay um okay like I mean I mean I mean uh a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so like like I mean so I mean um well like from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it okay uh you know like well well okay I mean um could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there well well uh uh um I mean you know okay um. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership um I mean so well like you know so I mean like required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? So check okay like well uh um um uh like you know out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have you know okay uh so like um okay I mean you know all the information there for you right there. So do it, you know, when you uh so so uh you know um you know like like do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that for like you know uh so well um like okay well well that like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah okay uh so I mean I mean I mean so you know you know. Well I can add and then you do the thing and then we get so you know I mean I mean like um uh you know okay back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter uh I mean uh um like like I mean you know like podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name Charles so like I mean uh okay uh I mean I mean uh and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time like you know well well like like well well so with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 okay uh you know so I mean I mean well okay I mean of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this well so like like okay you know I mean so okay moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, like you know um well uh well okay uh so and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You like um I mean like I mean okay well uh well can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is um I mean I mean I mean you know okay okay um well Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the uh well okay like I mean uh so okay okay first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in um you know you know so like well so uh uh love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a um um uh so well I mean well I mean well long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for I mean okay okay okay so you know um um uh part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit you know I mean uh like like I mean I mean okay uh more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more okay like so so uh uh so uh well and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and well like uh I mean I mean well um uh um we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh um well okay I mean okay like you know uh so my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I so you know um okay so I mean okay so I mean don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its so okay so you know you know so I mean well okay Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know well like so um I mean um I mean okay well mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of like uh uh so well okay well okay um Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive you know you know like so well well you know I mean okay repetitive in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This so um well um I mean you know you know uh I mean is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our so so well I mean like well you know you know okay listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the uh I mean um um um so like um well pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a okay like I mean so um like so I mean I mean pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it I mean you know like uh uh okay so okay um pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the okay I mean so okay I mean um okay um uh founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into like you know um like you know um uh well okay a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you like like like uh um so okay well well have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from uh um like I mean well uh you know like you know gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and you know well uh so I mean okay uh um okay Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join you know like well you know you know you know I mean I mean uh with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama um um um well like uh you know okay you know win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have um so well so so so well um I mean you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to you know like like um well uh I mean uh like get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, like um um um well um like um you know I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially well okay well okay uh I mean so like okay after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host so um you know well I mean okay you know uh you know of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter like you know you know like um well I mean like um at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by well um like well okay so you know like I mean night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering like I mean well so uh okay you know you know so SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, okay like I mean like um I mean like um like it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and you know well uh I mean I mean so uh uh so confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been you know okay you know uh you know so you know well uh very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one so I mean like like okay um I mean uh I mean can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would I mean so you know well um uh um um you know say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be okay okay okay well so like um so uh able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity um uh well uh um well well um okay that I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does okay you know like okay you know well uh well well the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I mean so well so you know you know okay okay I mean I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your so okay uh so uh I mean uh I mean you know host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and you know um you know okay I mean like I mean okay uh to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And uh you know uh okay uh well um okay like the memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the okay uh uh like okay okay okay well so last and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice well um so well uh I mean like well um let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the so uh uh like um so I mean like uh invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for so you know so well you know well uh you know you know Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he like okay okay well um like uh um um likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I uh I mean uh I mean okay um so so okay keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is okay well you know um I mean uh you know um you know going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen like um uh you know uh you know um I mean so. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to okay you know I mean uh um like okay like okay know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this you know I mean you know so well um um you know um half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but like um uh so like I mean you know so okay it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to so well uh okay um you know I mean like like hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different like well okay so like I mean okay um so storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me like so so um uh well okay well uh know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you okay okay I mean well um so I mean I mean you know about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the uh you know you know um well okay um well you know easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools that uh so um uh okay well so you know well will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer well um like well so um uh I mean like. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be okay okay okay uh well well okay like I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to uh I mean like okay um like okay so well make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor up today or um so I mean like so you know uh okay well go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into the um well okay well okay uh well uh like episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on your um uh so um I mean you know you know um um mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think well like so uh you know like well like um that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time I mean okay um I mean so you know you know like okay flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope uh okay okay well you know so um um so it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe. We're well okay like okay you know you know I mean uh I mean recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music for I mean well so um you know okay I mean um you know the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show like like you know um okay I mean so like well now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then so uh so so I mean uh so uh so the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going so okay um you know like like I mean okay um to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a uh um so you know so like uh okay I mean podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and like uh uh so well I mean okay uh well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute uh you know I mean well uh I mean uh so well your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many uh uh I mean so well I mean um like like more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well I mean like you know I mean like so I mean well you need to make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to okay so well I mean uh I mean you know well well my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to uh I mean okay okay you know uh uh so you know be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome um okay um like you know um so I mean I mean back to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with well okay like okay like like um you know I mean you all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady like so uh okay okay uh okay I mean um back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad um you know okay like uh uh like okay like to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the I mean so you know okay okay well like um um podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting like so um uh so well uh so well suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear you know like well well like um um uh well what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you uh I mean well uh uh like so so okay are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right well you know I mean I mean I mean um so um well sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It you know okay well uh so well well okay well was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution I mean I mean uh okay okay so well okay um of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people okay like you know you know you know you know so you know well come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they okay I mean like so okay um well um well spent countless hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even uh okay okay I mean so I mean like you know you know set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, so okay um you know uh um so you know you know but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why well um like um okay um you know you know like because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, it's you know well you know uh well I mean um well I mean episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm gonna uh I mean um okay uh like okay uh you know ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do you think like um um uh um um so well um the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you because so um I mean like okay so well you know um I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you fucking well okay so I mean um uh uh okay so doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is so okay I mean I mean like okay okay you know uh flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He you know uh like okay I mean uh so you know like said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of I mean well uh like so I mean you know okay uh it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have well well um like uh like uh I mean I mean been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built you know uh I mean I mean like um uh well um a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had okay uh um well so so okay like you know girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he um um you know uh so like you know you know uh do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, like like you know so well so you know you know like it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had so like uh okay okay well like okay like girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially I mean so you know like I mean you know you know so okay when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in I mean like uh uh um um um so uh three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways well um I mean okay you know um um you know you know of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF uh like okay uh so so well okay like down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, okay so so you know so you know so okay I mean you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab okay so you know I mean uh well okay I mean you know a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank so you know um you know um okay I mean well like you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to well so um okay so um I mean you know well send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them um well okay uh so so well okay okay it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the like like I mean okay like so well I mean like one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing uh um okay I mean so uh like okay so in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's you know like so you know uh okay um so I mean a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last so um okay I mean um uh you know I mean I mean week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in well I mean well I mean like like okay uh uh we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 okay uh I mean I mean okay so uh well like. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are uh so okay you know uh I mean okay okay like two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in uh okay um okay um uh uh I mean okay college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and the okay like like okay okay well okay well uh thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds so uh like like you know you know okay so well. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends so you know you know well so uh okay so okay. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie uh uh well well okay uh well like you know. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like well I mean so uh so okay um I mean well of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew uh uh so so like um well you know well up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster uh um well uh well so like okay I mean. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I I mean you know okay um okay um so well you know made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've explained well well like so well um well um well it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were looking at well okay like uh so you know you know you know well women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also I mean you know uh uh like you know you know like um not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season like um um okay like um okay so you know we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
