Hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you you you you you you you you you you you can imagine when we are recording our like I mean I mean I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like um uh I mean okay podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to to to to to to to to to to to sift through more often than not the level I mean okay you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so well you know well of conversation is at such a high high high high high high high high high high high intellectual point that we're not sure if it well uh I mean okay so like like like like like like like like like like like so okay okay I mean really can get into the podcast. We thought we might might might might might might might might might might might share one of uh you know you know well well okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh them with you now, but remember if you want to be involved, don't forget. Forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget. You you know so um well um okay you know like like um um um um um um um um um um um send us a DM. Send us send us send us send us send send send send send send send send send send send us send us send us send us send us send us send us your questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions and we'll go from there. We hope so like like uh okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like uh you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the the the the the the the the the the the whole sort of winning okay you know like I mean okay uh um uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did like did did did did did did did did did did did Miami and then okay well you know uh like I mean okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know sort of come back round again and went into into into into into into into into into into into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.