Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to like so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like uh uh you know well like and in this week's episode. We We We We We We We We We We We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are going to be talking about spring okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well so well okay okay uh break because fitting race coming up. Up up up up up up up up up up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be okay uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh like so um like we have week one week week week week week week week week week week week of classes still and then spring break is the week after so so well like like like like like like like like like like like um like so okay you know well that. So March, however, I I I I I I I I I I I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We okay um well okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know well okay well okay just finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I I I I I I I I I I I have before spring break so next so well I mean I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay I mean you know week. I just have a presentation for one one one one one one one one one one one of my classes see your husband exam for I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay you know like I mean um okay a class that I'm not not not not not not not not not not not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've uh uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh um so I mean um finished our last exam today, which which which which which which which which which which which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday like like uh like so so so so so so so so so so so well um I mean like okay Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I I I I I I I I I I I will say it was like the you know um I mean I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay well most stressful thing in the world because like it's really really really really really really really really really really really not like the hardest classes I mean okay well like well um okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean ever, but it's just kind of you know today and and and and and and and and and and and I'm out of the uh uh well you know uh well um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.