Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2. 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2. Okay I mean uh you know uh so I mean uh like so. First First First First First First First First First First First of first of first of first of first of first of first of first first first first first first first first first first first of first of first of first of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because because because because because because because because because because because I didn't do that I mean uh okay so you know so so so so so so so so so so so so so like so last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and and and and and and and and and and and I'm so you know well okay well well well um okay like kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm uh well you know uh you know um well you know like like like like like like like like like like like like Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I and I and and and and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and and and I and I would say I'm I would classify I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean you know I mean you know uh myself an artist because I imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are okay well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well like like like I mean all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an like you know well like um you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know you know okay actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and and and and and and and and and and and write any writing. Yes. I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh you know okay um Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.