Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm you know so so so so so so so so so so so um so uh okay I mean you know I mean um Brian and we the the the the the the the the the the the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean okay you know um you know premise. There's no premise premise premise premise premise premise premise premise premise premise premise right now. We have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have a loose loose. Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept like you know I mean so um like uh so you know like but we the the the the the the the the the the the biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like so I mean uh I mean you know uh I mean such a lack lack lack lack lack lack lack lack lack lack lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or um well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh okay well um sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. Heterosexual heterosexual heterosexual heterosexual heterosexual heterosexual heterosexual heterosexual heterosexual heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we so uh I mean uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like well um need us field. So we decided to throw throw throw throw throw throw throw throw throw throw throw our hat in the ring and uh okay um so uh well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and and and and and and and and and and and yes card. So I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I don't know um um um um um um um um um um um um um like like um okay uh um like we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.