Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay um okay um like um uh um well uh so I mean. Dr. Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay okay um um I mean so okay well the founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know um you know okay um uh um you know anxiety obsessive compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we share real sessions uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well um so uh so well so okay with actual clients that that that that that that that that that that that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD um uh um uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay well mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks like sounds like well well well well so well like so well um and feels like like like like like like like like like like like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find so um um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean uh well uh well okay that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can can can can can can can can can can can still live a rich full and meaningful life like I mean like uh so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean so uh I mean with a reputed approach a strength base and and and and and and and and and and and seeks to find and reinforce what clients so you know I mean well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well like do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas where their stock my like like okay okay uh you know well so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.