Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim Joakim at Crescent Adam like I mean well okay okay okay you know well so so so so so so so so so so so okay Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has has has has has has has has has has has been like okay well uh you know so well so like I mean canceled by by by by by by by by by by by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so so okay well um so like you know Tower third epic question, super super super super super super super super super super super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and um like like so okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean well um finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT GT GT GT GT GT GT GT GT GT GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued you know okay uh uh um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean you know at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you how how how how how how how how how how how you how you how you how you how you how you how you how you you you you you you you you you you you how you how you guys doing? All right can't complain. I mean like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well uh well uh I mean. You're good. I think we're going to rush through through through through through through through through through through through this one, right? I'm you got you know so okay okay um I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and and and and and and and and and and and I've got three so I mean so well I mean I mean uh um like like like like like like like like like like like uh quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my my my my my my my my my my my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.