Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have with me today you know like like uh well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like uh the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to to to to to to to to to to to introduce you to her. She well okay you know uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean like is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton ton about nutrition and I wanted to like uh okay well so uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like bring her in today because I am getting so many questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions about ways I mean uh like okay you know so okay okay well uh to to to to to to to to to to to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and okay okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean well well okay okay like frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to about that but I okay um I mean I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like um um do think that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi so hi so hi so hi so hi so hi so hi so hi so so so so so so so so so so so hi so hi so hi Kathleen, do you want you know um okay um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like uh you know uh to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for having me on today. I am um like um well you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well like Kathleen child. I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am a a a a a a a a a a a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 um like well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh I mean so okay and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.