Butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in in in in in in in in in in in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in the sky. Hello and and and and and and and and and and and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing like I mean uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well like okay well communism in the family A really important important important important important important important important important important important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean like okay well well okay get into this work. But first first first first first first first first first first first of all, we'll go through and do our names and you know okay well like like like like like like like like like like like well okay like um you know like pronouns and And we're going to answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name is Connor so uh well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay like okay okay I use heat and pronouns and I really really really really really really really really really really really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from the I mean like you know well um um um um um um um um um um um um well like okay so 60s. You know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, the the the the the the the the the the the one where they've got the main employees like pointing okay you know so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean um well at himself. It's really it's really it's really it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's really it's really it's really it's really it's really it's really it's really it's really really really really really really really really really really really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean so so I mean like well fun. My name name name name name name name name name name name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.