Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Hannah OD worn worn worn worn worn worn worn worn worn worn worn in this podcast. I you I you I you I you I you I I I I I I I I I I I you I you I you I you I you I you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean like um like like okay hope to emphasize truth on on on on on on on on on on on the reality of being restored to life again through um uh uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um so um well stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and and and and and and and and and and and most of the time messy. Thanks for um well so so so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um you know listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey everybody today. I have my good friend so so um I mean uh like uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay will with me on the show. What up, what up, what what what what what what what what what what what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what what what what what what what what what what what up, what up, he is from Texas. Yeah good to have uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean so I mean like okay I mean a fellow Southerner Southerner Southerner Southerner Southerner Southerner Southerner Southerner Southerner Southerner Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just going to well um well well well well well well well well well well well you know um I mean okay you know like well be talking about dating dating dating dating dating dating dating dating dating dating dating and especially in the Christian world and what that looks like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know okay like I mean like like I mean is that good good good good good good good good good good good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little bit about yourself uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh like okay you know okay um you know to start off in like like like like like like like like like like like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.