It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is is is is is is is is is is is okay like I mean okay you know um um I mean uh okay right right right right right right right right right right right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run run run run run run run run run run run across like I mean um um okay um you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay the room. Like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's a double dare dare dare dare dare dare dare dare dare dare dare challenge. Well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't listen that's part of well so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know I mean like I mean okay you know the sort of of of of of of of of of of of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup like uh well well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean okay you know uh so lifestyle. Yeah is well. I I I I I I I I I I I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I I I I I I I I I I I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You You You You You You You You You You You have a you know like well so I mean I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it it it it it it it it it it it and you have to uh well well I mean I mean uh well well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio my my my my my my my my my my my audio my audio my audio my audio my audio my audio my audio my my my my my my my my my my my audio my audio my audio interface is okay like so you know well well so like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig around in there and like okay like I mean um so well so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean then I do get if I say, you know, if I cuss too too too too too too too too too too too much I mean like well like you know um you know um uh well then then then then then then then then then then then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh um okay um uh I mean a lot. A lot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot of people will talk about that. That that that that that that that that that that. Those have a lot I mean like I mean you know so well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Person person person person person person person person person person. Justin was justin was justin was justin was justin was justin was justin was justin justin justin justin justin justin justin justin justin justin justin was justin was justin was justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.