Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Well um like well I mean um um um so like. Yeah the yeah the the the the the the the the the the the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you you you you know, you know, you know, no okay well uh well well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well uh rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk about some things like you know you know well you know um uh you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about about about about about about about about about about about the you know okay okay uh okay you know um like like okay system the system system system system system system system system system system system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh well uh you know like okay well you have a Mac bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know I mean so so okay um into it because a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people said, oh my God, you break so I mean um well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay you know um so down this boy. You don't break. Don't die die die die die die die die die die die dog. You don't get into certain you know like you know uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um um like you know you know things, but I get into what I know about. You know know know know know know know know know know know what I mean? We I we I we I we I we we we we we we we we we we we I we I we I we I we I we I we I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um uh okay you know I mean well so uh gonna talk about that. That that that that that that that that that that. Also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's stuff that I get into is what I I I I I I I I I I I uh I mean uh um okay so okay so like you know know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.