What is up? What is what is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what what what what is what is what is what is what is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA SVA card collectors good score last you know well like well okay well so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets just a waste so so I mean um like um you know like like like like like like like like like like like like well of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher spot. I mean you know uh like um like uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like. What does it matter? We're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not going to get the the the the the the the the the the the first but anyway, it's I mean I mean like you know like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean well a lottery best will gods have turned their back back back back back back back back back back back on us besides the point well like you know I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um um besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. Um I mean um well well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know. I had two of them. I sold I sold I I I I I I I I I I I sold I sold I sold I sold I sold I sold I sold I I I I I I I I I I I sold I sold one of them for a hundred uh so um okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean I mean I mean and sixty three dollars plus four dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card you know so okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean okay um so for $125 for the longest time and and and and and and and and and and and I took it off because I was afraid okay well uh I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like like so well you know that of exactly this and something that you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.