Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I I I I I I I I I I I you know okay uh uh so uh well uh so like hope you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well I mean like you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying dying dying dying dying dying dying dying dying dying dying to release this I mean okay uh like uh okay well you know um um um um um um um um um um um um one. So this so this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this so this episode focuses all on marriage and and and and and and and and and and and motherhood and man. There I mean like I mean well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like uh are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait for you guys to hear like uh like so okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I I I I I I I I I I I do recommend. Like like okay I mean you know I mean well well well okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Going back going back going back going back going back going back going back going going going going going going going going going going going back going back going back going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely imperative. But I but I but I but I but I but I but but but but but but but but but but but I but I but I but I but I do think that okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay like um um I mean so you know so all of the the the the the the the the the the the information in part to her story all her tips the way so well so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well like so like like that she parents it's all like so so so so so so so so so so so much more interesting and almost more like okay uh like like you know know know know know know know know know know know well like okay like uh valuable when you know where she came from part 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 is all about her life uh okay you know uh well well I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as as as as as as as as as as as a so I mean like well okay so like you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.