You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the treatment room with test and and and and and and and and and and and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for you know well okay okay so so okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin from a professionals perspective. Um you know I mean well like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so well. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists sharing in our career Journeys in well uh I mean um um um you you you you you you you you you you you know like like uh separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the treatment room. Well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well okay um I mean like like okay um you know. Hi everybody, welcome back to to to to to to to to to to to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and you know like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay uh okay well um so I am here with Lauren today. So we we we we we we we we we we we have gathered a few questions. We would so like you know like so well like you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean love to answer for you guys so we can can can can can can can can can can can ensure we're answering I mean uh you know I mean um um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like I mean the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.