Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with with with with with with with with with with with two of my um I mean okay like um like so so you know know know know know know know know know know know well closest friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to to to to to to to to to to to feel better I mean well okay you know so um uh you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a a a a a a a a a a a podcast where so I mean um so um I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um um we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey of going I mean well so uh so uh um um okay uh from said, bitch. Bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh well um uh well I mean so the ideas. We have about relationship to to to to to to to to to to to others and relationship to sell for six well uh well um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well so years. Yeah. It's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through like like like like like like like like like like like like okay well okay okay um okay uh okay and learn things over again. It's the the the the the the the the the the the world is because you kind of lived in like I mean uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean like okay well that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not not not not not not not not not not not really the real life. It's just like you well I mean well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh well like you know you know build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.