So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of macbeth. Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth. First okay first okay first okay first okay first okay first okay first okay first first first first first first first first first first first okay first okay first okay first okay okay uh well I mean okay like well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean of all going to look at a summary of of of of of of of of of of of what happens in um okay I mean you know uh like so uh so so so so so so so so so so so like seems one and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has has has has has has has has has has has um so I mean um so so well so well like been crowned King King King King King King King King King King King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um you know okay like I mean uh like to get the the the the the the the the the the the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully okay uh um so uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh I mean I mean for it. I quote still hopes that this this this this this this this this this this this means his children will be Kings you know uh you know um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh um well okay Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests this implies that he still treats well uh you know so well so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride okay so you know uh uh okay uh you know okay okay with with with with with with with with with with with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says he says he says says says says says says says says says says says he says he says he says he says he says he says he he he he he he he he he he he says he says that having the crown is uh um like well well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so well uh not enough. He must feel secure as king king king king king king king king king king king to be thus nothing but well I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so okay uh I mean um to be safely. Thus Beth is is is is is is is is is is is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his uh um well you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know um I mean like so crown saying there is is is is is is is is is is is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted um so um so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so I mean okay well The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be be be be be be be be be be be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.