Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor uh well uh um um I mean so like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools uh I mean like like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so well so well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer so so I mean um I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so um anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever I mean okay um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay you know um um else they distribute to you can can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, so so you know um so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know um well like and it's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. Download the free you know okay like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like okay you know anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get get get get get get get started. Okay I mean uh you know um you know okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This This This This This This This This This This This is the you know I mean okay like like okay you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. It it it it it it it it it it. Waterfowl kind okay you know I mean so I mean so so so okay like like like like like like like like like like like of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little little little little little little little little little little little I mean um uh uh you know okay well well well so bit of of of of of of of of of of of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.