Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm. I mean uh okay I mean so like you you you you you you you you you you you know well you know um. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. Chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. I am Laura and today like I mean you know I mean uh so um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh cat is so great. I you know I mean you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know you know well well just want to let you know that she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's one of the most loving and I mean um um uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh um well complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with you know I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh you know you know um I mean anything. I am am am am am am am am am am am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love so okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um uh I mean well I mean language is words of affirmation. Affirmation affirmation affirmation affirmation affirmation affirmation affirmation affirmation affirmation affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because full well okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um well I mean disclosure. This is the third time time time time time time time time time time time when you're trying my section and this is gonna uh okay well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um so so um be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to to to to to to to to to to to keep it real here on you know so you know uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean like well trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.