Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our our our our our our our our our our our leadership you know okay like okay like like well well um so series series series series series series series series series series series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat we've sat we've sat we've sat we've sat we've sat we've sat we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've sat we've sat we've sat we've sat um um I mean so so well well well well well well well well well well well like um um uh down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story story story story story story story story story story story their journey, and what I mean I mean well uh okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like makes them tick additionally. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk about the the the the the the the the the the the each of equal campaign for international women's day. Well like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean well well like um. We hope you enjoy the the the the the the the the the the the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We sit down with I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh you know like well well I mean okay you know Jackie Whiteman the the the the the the the the the the the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 well you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know I mean uh like okay um years experience in the the the the the the the the the the the recruitment industry the majority of them being in senior leadership roles. So uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay you know I mean uh you know uh. I also had the privilege of of of of of of of of of of of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um I mean like okay well enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.