You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know you know you know like I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So So So So So So So So So So So a okay well well well I mean you know well I mean okay well big big big big big big big big big big big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean I mean you know uh you know so so you know know know know know know know know know know know loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a a a a a a a a a a a so I mean okay like uh so like like uh so lot of of of of of of of of of of of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight like like well you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay so I mean so well away no first. Of all just tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself like I mean um like um well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay so um to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously people at home like so uh you know okay like I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like though. So yeah. Okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll go first. Hi. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so well uh uh I mean you know you know bead studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. Okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh okay like well I mean I mean so. That's perfect. That's what you wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I mean well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um well uh uh well I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year second-year second-year second-year second-year second-year second-year second-year second-year second-year second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.