Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on vale. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like uh uh um I mean okay you know uh I mean well. Well well well well well well well well well well. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song um okay okay I mean well um like like like like like like like like like like like like okay so as the best song on the planet. Can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you beat it? And all it did you know you know so well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know so you know okay for me was remind me of of of of of of of of of of of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um so so uh okay you know so time, which is called Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, I mean, I mean, I I I I I I I I I I I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I I I I I I I I I I I mean, first of all when um well you know okay I mean um uh so so so so so so so so so so so like okay you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to to to to to to to to to to to go. Um, okay you know um so okay I mean okay like well you know know know know know know know know know know know man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's my favorite well so so so so you know um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the the the the the the the the the the the message on it. You know I mean well you know like um well like uh um. Um um um um um um um um um um. Is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that that that that that that that that that that that is that is that is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give give give give give give give give give give give the love back to okay okay I mean I mean like okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know so so ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to to to to to to to to to to to get you um I mean well okay uh so uh I mean like like to to to to to to to to to to to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life like so like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay well well so um and fundamentally you are in need of you today. Today today today today today today today today today today. So put so put so put so put so put so put so put put put put put put put put put put put so put so put so put so put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.