What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a a a a a a a a a a a quick shout-out I mean well um so well so well well so you know know know know know know know know know know know and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to to to to to to to to to to to my okay so you know so uh well uh okay I mean like podcast and minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast you okay like like like like like like like like like like like well uh um okay so I mean well well ask? Well when I was trying to to to to to to to to to to to get this one off the ground. He you know I mean okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so uh okay know me. I had I had I had I had had had had had had had had had had had I had I had I had I had I had I had I had had had had had had had had had had had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do I record um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know like like okay you know um an episode? How How How How How How How How How How How do how do how do how do how do how do how do how do do do do do do do do do do do how do how do how do I get my show into like All All All All All All All All All All All the apps okay um uh okay like so I mean okay uh uh all all all all all all all all all all all the major markets. Is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it even possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible to make money from my podcast? Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know well I mean um like like well so I got the answer ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. You know uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean so uh okay like. Anchor is a One-Stop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you um uh uh well um um um um um um um um um um um well you know um you know well ain't even got to pay nothing. Nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing. It's all free. It's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% free and it's so easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to use so easy. And now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now and now anchor they can.