Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um okay okay okay I mean uh so like senior Communications officer with the the the the the the the the the the the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British columbia. Um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so I mean like like. And this is part of our privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to um uh you know so so you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean okay connect British Columbia's personal information protection act act act act act act act act act act act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more you know so so uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay um like well like than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal information in this province. So okay uh um well well well okay well okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. We want we want we want we want we want we want we want want want want want want want want want want want we want we want we want we want organizations to think more about about about about about about about about about about about the sheer volume of personal information. They okay I mean uh um like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean so collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa pipa pipa pipa pipa pipa pipa pipa pipa pipa pipa and how our you know like okay okay okay I mean okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, I I I I I I I I I I I today, I today, I today, I today, I today, I today, I today, I today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, I today, I today, I mean okay uh so okay like like well like like like like like like like like like like like like we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.