Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's um well well well well well well well well well well well um okay you know you know uh uh you know well the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's so um um um um um um um um um um um um well you know you know um um um well free. It's free. I I I I I I I I I I I could stop there. But let's go on there's so uh you know so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay okay you know uh creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your okay okay I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay um I mean like phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So can be heard so well I mean uh you know well well well well well well well well well well well so uh so okay on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places places places places places places places places places places places my podcast is you know well well like like so I mean I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean on. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean well um okay I mean uh like um with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know well like well um so um place. I get asked a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm well like uh so um well like like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean telling you start that podcast with anchor download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor app um I mean well I mean uh um okay well okay you know know know know know know know know know know know or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.