Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become okay um um um um um um um um um um um so um so I mean uh I mean so well so taboo? So So So So So So So So So So So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is um so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh um uh so I mean a fitness influencer and also a a a a a a a a a a a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to um you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean I mean um well well be disabled or to have have have have have have have have have have have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well well uh uh okay us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were were were were were were were were were were were born with may do which might seem okay okay okay you know you know um like well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism and how the world is I mean well uh okay well so so uh um um um um um um um um um um um um set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us who who who who who who who who who who who uh you know well uh uh uh well so um I mean perhaps can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to people people people people people people people people people people people um so well well um I mean so okay well so Sophia, and I think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope you like I mean uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know so so enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And And And And And And And And And And And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.