I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now. Well well so well I mean okay you know uh you know um. Um um um um um um um um um um. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so excited new new new new new new new new new new new video new gossip. Like I mean you know okay okay like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super super super super super super super super super super super show. We have so like um well I mean um uh well um so so so so so so so so so so so okay much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh um you know I mean I mean uh so me girl. Girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my okay okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay I mean um I mean I mean uh immediate left. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back guys and Daddy I mean well well so um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like uh love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right In. Okay, let's well well you know you know um so so well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you guys prayers up. Okay uh okay uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean I mean well well I mean uh okay. First of of of of of of of of of of of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.