Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the the the the the the the the the like I mean like um so I mean so um like um boys podcast before before before before before before before before before before before we get this episode Ron. I really I really I really I really I really I I I I I I I I I I I really I really I really I really I really I really do want to talk okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay I mean um um so okay um uh a little bit about anchor our our our our our our our our our our our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script you know I mean like you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well so well I mean I will admit. So if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way well okay like okay so so so so so so so so so so so well so so so you know to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. Free free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to like so like like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well you know okay well record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will will will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your so well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean well so like so podcast for you. So it can can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A uh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh auh so um so well uh uh I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with well okay okay you know well well well uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Place place place place place place place place place place. Anyways, I mean um like um well well I mean like so I mean let's get get get get get get get get get get get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like so like I mean um um I mean you know. We got been your host Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Ethan Patrick. And of and of and of and of and of and of and of and and and and and and and and and and and of and of and of and of course me. We're all the hosts. You know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know so I mean uh so I mean I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean. Obviously. We got we got we got we got we got we we we we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.