Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 1 of version final a a a a a a a a a a a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest like uh so so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so well I mean is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading leading leading leading leading leading leading leading leading leading leading a team of okay you know uh I mean I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um okay talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all all all all all all all all all all all over the world starting I mean so I mean uh well okay um I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you know at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New New New New New New New New New New New York okay like you know you know I mean I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist electronic music Aficionado uh so um so okay you know um okay um um um um um um um um um um um um and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time time time time time time time time time time time throughout well you know um like well you know well um you know well well well well well well well well well well well version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we we we we we we we we we we we talked we talked about how okay so okay so you know well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly this is guy who came um so well uh um um okay uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan uh you know like okay um like so like so well and I was really young. I I I I I I I I I I I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.