What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple Triple do like so like like uh uh so like so like see you want to to to to to to to to to to to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you want to okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean you know I mean so so tell some stories. You want to crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack jokes and be a comedian. You just I mean I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know well um like well want to broadcast some stuff download anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor podcast to your mobile device is free and you know you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well so you know okay it's easy to use. You can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can record while you're at home. You can record on the the the the the the the the the the the like um uh um like like I mean I mean I mean um go. Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, you can well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like uh you know so okay okay so record while on the road you you you you you you you you you you you don't have to do it at home like so uh you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so okay uh and it's easy to use you just recorded episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode you publish it. It uploads okay you know well uh okay so so like so so so so so so so so so so so um all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got got got got got got got got got got got a um so I mean you know uh okay um you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.