This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm Tess vigeland the so uh I mean you know well um so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well host of the think with Google podcast. And in in in in in in in in in in in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in in in in in in in in in in in and in and in and in this show, we're going to uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know so like uh uh I mean well well explore the future of marketing. So you you you you you you you you you you you and your marketing team can well um you know uh well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think think think think think think think think think think think with Google podcast drops on uh I mean okay um I mean like so well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to to to to to to to to to to to podcasts. From well like okay well well like uh like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm like well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh like um you know um uh I'm going to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but like like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well you know well uh okay so maybe don't know the details of of of of of of of of of of of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because like like um um um um um um um um um um um you know so um um I mean uh so I was having hard time time time time time time time time time time time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean you know like so okay you know this therapist. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.