What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid so you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean um like I mean well I mean Jammers today. We will will will will will will will will will will will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter okay uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh well you know um uh you know by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short so so okay so well well well well well well well well well well well so uh um okay so story lamb to the slaughter. This book was was was was was was was was was was was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He uh so I mean so uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean like was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990. He is most famously known for writing like you know uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so well um you know Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The The The The The The The The The The The BFG and Matilda. He has sold over 250 well uh okay well you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh um um million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the plot Expedition begins like like well uh well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well like you know when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned from work. Like I mean you know you know I mean uh uh well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.