Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down so like you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh like I mean uh I mean I mean the top 31 Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh okay like okay you know April 30th 1993 when 19 year old old old old old old old old old old old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games uh so I mean um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know um um away from clinching a spot in the the the the the the the the the the the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent. Like uh like uh you know so like well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed crazed fan with a knife so well well okay well well well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking sports events from history like uh so well I mean okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen free listen free listen free listen free listen free listen free listen free listen free free free free free free free free free free free listen free listen free on Spotify um like okay um you know well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of of of of of of of of of of of the Hamburg open like okay like okay okay so I mean um um so 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.