How's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's it how's it how's it how's it going guys? Welcome back to to to to to to to to to to to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This I mean um well okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well I mean I mean is episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that that that that that that that that that that that 50 episode Milestone and um I mean you know okay like like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like like I'm just so so blessed to be here to be be be be be be be be be be be an instrument of service I mean uh you know so so um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like to all of you. We're instruments of service to all all all all all all all all all all all of you and this okay okay um okay okay okay so well um um is is is is is is is is is is is episode 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of of of of of of of of of of of his uh like so uh well um okay um you know so favorite subjects. Subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I like so so so so so so so so so so so so like you know so um okay so like can't wait to get started. This is is is is is is is is is is is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well like well I mean so like episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship okay um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay so um so at the age of 18 over the last four years years years years years years years years years years years have built plenty of other okay okay uh uh okay okay like um like um um um um um um um um um um um businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more more more more more more more more more more more fortunate and okay uh um well um um well like okay uh blessed to be be be be be be be be be be be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.