Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean you know uh okay well you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know uh you know uh uh okay um we will share share share share share share share share share share share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh well you know uh so so like I mean the intro song inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches on the addressing. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the intro song intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro song We're not well like um you know so um um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh uh in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I I I I I I I I I I I liked it. Yeah, well so you know so I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well like you know like welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful so thankful so so so so so so so so so so so thankful so thankful so thankful so thankful so thankful so thankful so thankful so so so so so so so so so so so thankful so thankful that you make us a well well okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh you know like part of your week. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know you know so you know well like less so but me me me me me me me me me me me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well you know like okay I mean um are this episode's gonna be be be be be be be be be be be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin uh like so so so so so so so so so so so uh well you know um um you know well into the mic that might might might might might might might might might might might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.