Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the the the the the the the the the the the scum Town podcast. And I'm just uh well well okay well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like like here to let you guys know that anchor is the best best best best best best best best best best best way to make a so like okay you know um um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is is is is is is is is is is is the I mean uh okay you know okay I mean like well okay so so so so so so so so so so so easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in um like like like like like like like like like like like uh so I mean okay well uh um I mean one place for free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh like you know I mean I mean like okay okay tools allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so so you know like well like um like better. They'll distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for for you so it can be heard everywhere from I mean I mean okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like like okay um Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many many many many many many many many many many many more you can easily make money from uh uh well uh uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well I mean your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You You You You You You You You You You You can make money from this podcast. You know you know uh um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh uh. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.