Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading okay so so so so so so so so so so so so um um um I mean uh um you know and friendship matter for for for for for for for for for for for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well like um well okay I mean you know like like so Marcy Marcy Marcy Marcy Marcy Marcy Marcy Marcy Marcy Marcy Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know okay okay you know well you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time time time time time time time time time time time for leisure you know okay okay you know so um you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit um uh I mean okay well you know like um I mean uh while while while while while while while while while while while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank um like uh I mean um I mean okay so so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of of of of of of of of of of of well um so uh so so so uh I mean um the frequently asked questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right away. You know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know um so like I mean so well you know you know so. So so so so so so so so so so. The first question that came from our members this year and some some some some some some some some some some some of our leaders was you know well um I mean um uh well um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? join join join join join join join join join join Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.