The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that that that that that that that that that that that well okay you know um uh okay okay well okay um were friends and they wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we like you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so so uh so so okay so do it how we get it out there how we we we we we we we we we we we record it. And you know I mean so well so okay um you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we we we we we we we we we we we um like um so okay well well like um okay would have had when we first first first first first first first first first first first started out this would have been way way easier like I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know so okay you know okay and it's much easier. It is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor um um um um um um um um um um um so well uh you know so well you know well you know is by far the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know I mean uh like uh well so need. In one one one one one one one one one one one in one in one in one in one in one in one in one in in in in in in in in in in in one in one in one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools you you you you you you you you you you you know well um um uh so well uh okay well or any any any any any any any any any any any fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean well uh okay okay like and edit it on your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone right there free. It's free. It's free. Like you know okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean well you know. So it gives you all the creation tools. Tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools. You need to edit it to okay you know like um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh like uh make it sound good which you know, if we we we we we we we we we we we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.