I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV like like I mean uh um I mean so you know so I mean todd. Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this this this episode was okay um uh uh so like you know okay so um insane insane insane insane insane insane insane insane insane insane insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, I mean well well uh um um um you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a a a a a a a a a a a well um okay uh so like uh you know okay so b'nai Chatman. Oh my my my my my my my my my my my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean like I mean um you know uh well Siesta Key up up up up up up up up up up up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like um uh like well well uh I mean happened on this episode that that that that that that that that that that that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um well like um like like with ish and Madison, which which which which which which which which which which which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. Well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well well so so okay um uh um so so. He's back for for for for for for for for for for for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh well well so like uh uh months. I'm about to see see see see see see see see see see see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.