What up, guys? This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is the Leafs convo pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford so um uh you know well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so well in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is is is is is is is is is is is Thursday, March well like I mean uh so uh you know um um well 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like well um you know like I mean so like combo for you michael. Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael. We didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't get a chance to talk after the the the the the the the the the the the Leafs loss in well well you know like you know um so okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior you know you know uh um okay um you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to to to to to to to to to to to sort like so um okay so um I mean so okay like of reflect on the the the the the the the the the the the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well well well so uh like like that we're key games against teams that were at least on par par par par par par par par par par par with them Florida a so well so you know um I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in in in in in in in in in in in the Atlantic division and Vancouver well I mean I mean um so like well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean uh who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western conference. Conference Conference Conference Conference Conference Conference Conference Conference Conference Conference. They come they come they come they come they come they come they come they come come come come come come come come come come come they come they come they come up you know I mean so you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh okay against the team and they play three teams on this west west west west west west west west west west west coast swing that uh um uh okay um um okay well um well are out out out out out out out out out out out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know you know uh like I mean okay uh so got outplayed dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.