Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know uh so so like um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know is gonna be our first podcast. So, you so, you so, you so, you you you you you you you you you you you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we'll see how it goes. Well um um uh um uh so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it it it it it it it it it it it for uh well okay well uh like uh so well you know a while while while while while while while while while while while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the the the the the the the the the the the thing um I mean so well I mean I mean okay like um like the the the the the the the the the the the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh uh you know I mean uh uh um into this first podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like you know um uh I mean well it all it's going to to to to to to to to to to to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to like uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know I mean um so okay figure it out. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind it's kind it's kind it's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get get get get get get get get get get get um okay well like you know so um um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you you you you you you you you you you you know, so okay like like I mean I mean well um uh okay move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.