Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh I mean okay like well you know start us off with our our our our our our our our our our our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like so well you know well so I mean on to some of of of of of of of of of of of the events that are happening, I think maybe we I mean okay uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know should talk about mu n that happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? um so like well okay well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so I'm Kate. I know you were I thought you want to to to to to to to to to to to tell us a bit so uh I mean you know well well um um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean about us. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in in in in in in in in in in in Wellesley so well you know well uh um um you know like like College Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it it it it it it it it it it it um uh like well well uh uh um uh uh was very successful and un un un un un un un un un un un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar okay okay like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well um uh died standing delegates and they also our country Canada got got got got got got got got got got got outstanding delegation in general um you know I mean I mean okay um like like like like like like like like like like like so um uh assembly. So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is really really really really really really really really really really really good. You know okay well uh I mean okay so you know well you you you you you you you you you you you know. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.