Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's time for okay okay so I mean I mean well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well uh the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, a um um um um um um um um um um um uh so you know I mean I mean um uh well I mean meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any number two. Two two two two two two two two two two. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean okay um you know um so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean. And before and before and before and before and before and and and and and and and and and and and before and before and before and before and before and before we get going we want want want want want want want want want want want to give a big shout-out to um like okay so uh I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like uh well our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance quality catching uh well um okay well uh you know so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh okay you know you know like like um you know website website website website website website website website website website website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um you know I mean like um uh okay okay anywhere from the donut to to to to to to to to to to to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove that okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so um you know uh okay okay was designed by our very own Chris news. News news news news news news news news news news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.