Hi everybody. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to talk to you about about about about about about about about about about about anchor anchors our new podcast um so okay like um okay like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it it it it it it it it it it it you know well uh you know like um um uh like um comes to Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. Okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like you know okay you know okay so so. You name it? They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've They've got a way to distribute to it on top of I mean okay uh okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well well so so um that. They have they have they have they have they they they they they they they they they they they have they have they have they have they have they have they have editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know uh uh okay so you know you know back when I started started started started started started started started started started started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so you know okay okay okay like uh to record it where where where where where where where where where where where to record it how to upload it pay for the so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so uh okay you know hosting did I mention they're hosting is is is is is is is is is is is free and they will hook you up with um like you know so you know like like like like like like like like like like like like um so you know advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to well um okay well um like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants on the I mean so I mean um um well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at at at at at at at at at at at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, uh okay so okay like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay I mean you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast patreon only if you want to uh um you know so um okay okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.