Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay I mean okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so um well well um. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, Friday's tomorrow and you well like I mean um um I mean like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know so can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the the the the the the the the the the the freaks out like okay I mean like um I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so um well the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I I I I I I I I I I I just want well okay like okay uh uh okay so so okay to to to to to to to to to to to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City well so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay okay you know you know like well I mean at Gabe's and then then then then then then then then then then then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in so you know um um um um um um um um um um um um like uh uh um well you know Detroit Michigan at electricity and and and and and and and and and and and both of those shows are on the E - I mean okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay like you know okay I mean like a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. Electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity. If really really excited to play that um I mean um I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you know uh venue but today on the podcast. I I I I I I I I I I I want to talk about fucking up and why it's I mean um um okay so well well well well well well well well well well well like um uh you know okay to fuck up. Let's get into this this this this this this this this this this this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro uh like so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like uh like like song this week is actually a song that a a a a a a a a a a a fan sent in that. So so okay I mean um uh I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh. I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.