Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're like I mean well like I mean I mean so well you know like here here here here here here here here here here here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like like okay well um okay gangster from Murder Town usa. USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is that is that is that is that is is is is is is is is is is is that is that is that is that is that is that is how how how how how how how how how how how you doing today man. Like I mean um I mean okay so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh so. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like like like like like like like like like like like a first thing right for yeah. So so you know um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like so like uh. I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have never never never never never never never never never never never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like um um um um um um um um um um um so so okay like well uh so I mean well you guys so fuck it. It it it it it it it it it it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't well, don't well, don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, don't you know I mean I mean okay so you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like like like you know so uh so um got like real real real real real real real real real real real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well okay like so well um I mean because I know we're just just just just just just just just just just just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, don't worry and don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.