A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in in in in in in in in in in plain I mean okay well well okay uh uh like I mean okay sight. Sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan dogman. Dogman dogman dogman dogman dogman dogman dogman dogman dogman dogman. Um um okay like so um so uh so um. If you enjoyed this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our well um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so like well well okay uh haunted places feed on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday so um I mean okay so like so you know so you know in the the the the the the the the the the the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to due to due to due to due to to to to to to to to to to to due to due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature of this urban okay okay so um you know uh um well like like like like like like like like like like like okay legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and and and and and and and and and and and you know um you know so so well so so okay uh death. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not really not really not really not really not really not really not really not not not not not not not not not not not really not really not really not really I mean um well you know so so so so so so so so so so so so so well okay you know sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.