Beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea how I have one okay I mean like I mean so well okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know uh word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know so like like like like like like like like like like like like uh well uh. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to to to to to to to to to to to you that allow you okay I mean okay okay you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like well okay um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or or computer. And so okay well I mean um like uh um so okay once you you you you you you you you you you you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too too too too too too too too too too too so uh um uh well like so I mean okay you know many different platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is Anchor well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know uh I mean you know like like so so easy to use use use use use use use use use use use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you uh okay um well um um um um um um um um um um um uh so so um I mean to make money talking about the things that you you you you you you you you you you you love with no minimum listenership. I um like so um okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh so uh know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is too too too too too too too too too too too good to be true. Um like uh I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you you you you you you you you you you you ready for this zero? It does it does it does it does it does does does does does does does does does does does it does it does it does it does it does it does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.