Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear from so I mean like well um I mean you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean another friend of the show. He's definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's definitely someone I should have called before now as uh um okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean so okay he's one of the few people I've played played played played played played played played played played played with whom I looked up um I mean I mean well uh um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know um so I mean um you know uh um himself on on on on on on on on on on on the field but also off the field as well. So uh so uh like like like like like like like like like like like well like like well uh like without further Ado, here's my conversation with with with with with with with with with with with Premier League winner and good friend. My okay like you know uh so like well well well well well well well well well well well so okay I mean darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what just what just just just just just just just just just just just what just what just what just what just what just what just what just what what what what what what what what what what what just what I needed just what I needed. How are you I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean I mean I mean like okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know well my brother? That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's okay well okay uh well you know so well um like going on. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though though though though though though though though though though though you know um so um um you know so uh so so with a bit of of of of of of of of of of of respect here. It's the same thing. I did I did I did I did I I I I I I I I I I I did I did I did I did I did I did I did with Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah same thing. I did I did I did I did I did I did did did did did did did did did did did I did I did I did I did I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.