What's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to to to to to to to to to to to the Run free podcast this episode number uh you know okay okay you know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials trials trials trials trials trials trials trials trials trials trials debrief. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean so so okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um like um uh uh. And then we're going to do a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of challenging our view on luck. So like okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well like uh I mean I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are okay uh well um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean okay well just moments before coming into my garage to to to to to to to to to to to record this for y'all. I was out uh so you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay so so I mean in the sun just baking in it. Just loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving it. Feels so good and it's well like um um uh like well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know um actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going going going going going going going going going going going to talk about today. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like I mean I mean you know well uh getting out in in in in in in in in in in in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know um um I mean so uh like after the winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter time. Right? Like right like right like right like right like right like like like like like like like like like like like right like right like right like right like right like right when you've endured endured endured endured endured endured endured endured endured endured endured like those freezing cold I mean I mean um um okay um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so well days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those those those those those those those those those those those runs. They're just uh so so um uh you know like so you know know know know know know know know know know know um miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.