A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is uh I mean I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like well um uh okay I mean Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three three three three three three three three three three three founders from medical and you our listeners you know so so you know like well well well well well well well well well well well well like you know uh voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call call call call call call call call call call call to the so well okay so like you know so so okay so pitch room room room room room room room room room room room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear we'll hear we'll hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear we'll hear we'll hear we'll hear we'll hear we'll hear we'll hear we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll hear we'll hear a pitch the like well uh uh okay like uh like um well likes of of of of of of of of of of of which we've never had on the show before. What does what does what does does does does does does does does does does does what does what does what does what does what does what does what does what does it it it it it it it it it it it pitch sound um well uh okay uh um well I mean you know so like before before before before before before before before before before before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder has um um uh well uh um I mean um okay I mean is an idea and and and and and and and and and and and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a so you know like okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh um you know well I mean big business today on the show. What a a a a a a a a a a a pitch sounds like when all you have so I mean I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well okay you know uh are a few scratches on the the the the the the the the the the the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This I this I this I this this this this this this this this this this this I this I this I this I this I this I this I this I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um uh well I mean well okay I mean well is the pitch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built built built built built built built built built built built um you know um I mean I mean okay like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.