When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of of of of of of of of of of of a podcast, okay uh um uh I mean okay okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using using using using using using using using using using using anchor I'm you know well I mean um uh um I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um well able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you like okay okay um like like uh you know I mean okay need in one one one one one one one one one one one place and you can produce the show right from your phone tablet or okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean uh so okay computer. They're easy to use creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools allow anyone with the app to record and edit like you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so okay you know okay okay uh a podcast. It so it sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds great. They'll even they'll even they'll even they'll even they'll even they'll even even even even even even even even even even even they'll even they'll even they'll even they'll even they'll even distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. You know um okay well um uh I mean well um so. So so so so so so so so so so. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh um you know um I mean I mean you know like podcasts Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh okay I mean you know like um you know you know no no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f you you you you you you you you you you you know um um you know well like um you know okay so m-- to get get get get get get get get get get get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.