A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and and and and and and and and and and and Romy. It's you know uh I mean you know you know well uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and and and and and and and and and and and Romi. We so okay I mean I mean um um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like um are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in in in in in in in in in in in on okay I mean you know like so so I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know well this moment of Genius. Everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did we did to there there there there there there there there there there there was like a well um so I mean I mean uh so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, you know something I mean um like like um you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just you know so like you know you know okay you know uh well okay the the the the the the the the the the the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are are are are are are are are are are are um so um well um you know like like well so watching us like dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance around with a microphone and then we just I mean so I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know um okay fade into their lives. I love that. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope that's how people see see see see see see see see see see see us in I mean well okay okay okay like uh well um um their their their their their their their their their their their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like okay well so um you know I mean um must have a a a a a a a a a a a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of like um you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so you know like I mean I mean this. Oh, it's just like a a a a a a a a a a a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know well okay uh I mean so about those those those those those those those those those those those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like like you know so like I mean usually Gonzo a feature and and and and and and and and and and and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.