Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances so um okay I mean like um you know like um like gives everyone a way way way way way way way way way way way to embrace exactly. What makes what makes what makes what makes what makes what what what what what what what what what what what makes what makes what makes what makes what makes what makes them unique go to abercrombie.com abercrombiecom abercrombiecom abercrombiecom abercrombiecom abercrombiecom abercrombiecom abercrombiecom abercrombiecom abercrombiecom abercrombiecom. Um okay okay you know like I mean um so okay you know. And click click click click click click click click click click click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well I mean you know I mean well um you had they were were were were were were were were were were were they all came from church, you know, I mean and um well well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know you know you know church was you know, and I think think think think think think think think think think think there's a larger conversation to be well like you know okay okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean um had about, you know, the the death of the the the the the the the the the the the black church in the black you know like so okay well uh well like like like like like like like like like like like uh so community. E in ein ein ein ein ein ein ein ein ein ein the the the the the the the the the the the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, uh uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean okay you know I mean like you know, you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean so uh like so uh so but every now and again probably last last last last last last last last last last last one is its is it Fantasia? um I mean well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know like like uh uh You can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer well I mean well um uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay so Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I I I I I I I I I I I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.