Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of stuff okay uh um okay well so okay you know you know so to to to to to to to to to to to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to you you you you you you you you you you you know so um I mean like so uh well well so get to First. The The The The The The The The The The The NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the the the the the the the the the the the NHL the NHL the NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote like um um I mean uh um well like um like electronics and they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the so uh you know um well well well well well well well well well well well well you know so you know you know first time they're going to throw it it it it it it it it it it it in used at least that we know of like um uh so um like so so so so so so so so so so so well uh like so read a little article about this AQ and we were just just just just just just just just just just just talking about this uh okay well like um like okay I mean um so before before before before before before before before before before before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um like you know okay like okay I mean okay during the regular season season season season season season season season season season season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. Um so um um um um um um um um um um um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so so so so so so so so so so so um so um so like well uh uh I mean um I mean um. Um um um um um um um um um um. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the the the the the the the the the the the practice I mean you know I mean so like so well um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only only only only only only only only only only only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he said he said said said said said said said said said said said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he could notice.