Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead excited. I well you know okay you know I mean well um like okay okay also also also also also also also also also also also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he he he he he he he he he he he so like so I mean okay I mean um so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. Version version version version version version version version version version. That's uh like uh so uh uh like well you know okay the the the the the the the the the the the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that all you you you you you you you you you you you so um um so um uh so you know so like know, I know know know know know know know know know know know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia of so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like I mean so um um like like horror the good good good good good good good good good good good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make uh okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay um so well I mean like fun of it more or less or explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's I that's I that's I that's I I I I I I I I I I I that's I that's I that's I that's I that's I that's I that's I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like like like you know you know I mean like I mean what I I I I I I I I I I I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh like I mean well well so well uh on monday. Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.