Welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To To To To To To To To To To To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability and empowerment to thrive well well like you know well um so um um so so so so so so so so so so so in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you you you you you you you you you you you grams you know I mean uh okay um well um well um so 7 twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know so you know um okay I mean so I mean that's discussed. Discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning so uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean so um you know like okay you know grab a cold brew brew brew brew brew brew brew brew brew brew brew and join us at the table. This is the I mean so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so you know so um uh girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here here here here here here here here here here here and I wanted to give a little shout out so you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know so so okay uh uh uh to Miss Perry who's listening every every every every every every every every every every every week and I wanted to say hello. I love I love I love love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I I I love okay um um you know okay okay okay you know well uh you. Thanks for for for for for for for for for for for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to well well like like like like like like like like like like like like um uh well well so so to Perry the Platypus just wish that that that that that that that that that that that you never seen. What is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what what what what is what is what is what is what is what is that is on so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know like like like okay you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.