I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk uh well well you know so so um you know so you know now now now now now now now now now now now look at the buzz. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to to to to to to to to to to to the good trouble after show and uh like I mean like well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well guys. We are at the season finale of the such a a a a a a a a a a a good season Chad hills. Uh um um okay okay well like uh well well. Well well well well well well well well well well. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one. One one one one one one one one one one. I'm um uh I mean I mean uh so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so so like well like um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my my my my my my my my my my my love. I you know okay well uh okay so you know um uh you know have have have have have have have have have have have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could could could could could could could could could could could uh well like like you know like I mean okay okay like trouble. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school. I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean well um I mean uh well. So like I'm the the the the the the the the the the the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you like well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay okay I mean I mean you know your news and and and and and and and and and and and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.