Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your now your now now now now now now now now now now now your now your now your now your now your now your now your now now now now now now now now now now now your now your host the man you know so you know okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean you know okay taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to you know um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean um you know you know talk about the seven benefits of of of of of of of of of of of taking a cold shower. This is really about something um I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know so okay I mean okay like called cryotherapy cold therapy now now now now now now now now now now now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well so um um like okay um just a very very very very very very very very very very very small amount of time because it's a very very cold um uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well you know you know you know well to me. Maybe three three three three three three three three three three three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay um you know um based on this word hormesis. Okay for me me me me me me me me me me me scenes, what does that that is a um um okay okay you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so uh situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a a a a a a a a a a a moderate amount of stress to create well you know um so like um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well I mean a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things things things things things things things things things things things that can create this effect. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know well uh I mean so like called hormetic effect, but but but but but but but but but but but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.