Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two you're two you're two you're two you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're two you're two you're two you're two you're two you're two you're two two two two two two two two two two two years old. And I and I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I love you. This is well well well well well well well well well well well well um uh I mean um well um uh um fun to speculate a a a a a a a a a a a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And um you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh um I mean so now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Welcome to a brand new episode so I mean uh so well um well well well well well well well well well well well um so uh of fun to speculate. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is well uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well like um I mean okay producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes well, yes well, yes well, yes you were sick last for the so um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know you know so I mean well okay last last last last last last last last last last last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so okay like I mean uh um um it's actually been a while while while while while while while while while while while since we like sat here to do and episode um you know you know well um um um um um um um um um um um so well um so um 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a a a a a a a a a a a three-day time span you know uh um okay um uh uh okay um like and and and and and and and and and and and we had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like okay um okay you know okay so um up and record one like like like like like like like like like like like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. You know uh um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well okay like uh okay. I love this show. I love love love love love love love love love love love this show. I want this show. I hope I mean well okay like so uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know like everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, extreme, but, you know, I hope a okay like well like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay I mean um lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep the topics coming in good you know you know I mean I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean you know thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.