Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so so so so so so so so so so so well you know uh okay you know okay like um I mean so much for for for for for for for for for for for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay like so well so you know so that you choose to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um like um um I mean so well hopefully I'll be able to get get get get get get get get get get get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay okay okay okay like like episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. Publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish. The guest today is a you know uh okay uh I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so you know fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of of of of of of of of of of of a podcast. And someone and someone and someone and someone and someone and someone and someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone and someone and someone and someone and someone um I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean you know uh uh I have followed on social media media media media media media media media media media media for a long while now. I'd actually heard um I mean you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay so um like of this guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. Now whilst I like so you know uh I mean uh so so so so was was was was was was was was was was was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is is is is is is is is is is is uh so um um well um well you know so I mean crazy like what what what what what what what what what what what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is he is he he he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he he is he is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.