Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're business we're business we're business we're business we're business we're business we're business we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're business we're business we're business needs okay uh okay um uh like so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean Beauty. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not just just just just just just just just just just just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations well so well like so so so so so so so so so so so like um I mean like uh with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to to to to to to to to to to to empower motivate and inspire you to um you know okay so well um uh like like like like like like like like like like like um so take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I am super excited well I mean I mean I mean um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh you know to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa like um so like like you know um well um um um um um um um um um um um um teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean you know uh uh okay uh like works on a a a a a a a a a a a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like well like um okay you know like etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Carpet Events and all of those things. Okay well okay well okay well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well so well well well well well well well well well well well like well um you know uh okay. She's a she's a she's a she's a a a a a a a a a a a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a full-time makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what I mean okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh like you know so um you know it takes to be. Real professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional real professional real professional real professional real professional real professional real professional real professional real professional real professional real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.