Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the the the the the the the the the the the I mean I mean well I mean I mean you know um I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how how how how how how how how how how how I you know well like I mean um uh okay uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's an you know so uh so so well like you know you know so app app app app app app app app app app app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows like uh uh you know well like okay so um like you to record record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay I mean I mean well um okay. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be uh like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um I mean I mean well uh heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more more more more more more more more more more more bitch work literally got like um like okay you know like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me me me me me me me me me me me uploading my first like you know uh well so I mean okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well well episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and well you know I mean uh um I mean so so okay okay it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want want want want want want want want want want want I mean um so so well okay okay well uh like to get started making making making making making making making making making making making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free so like okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh so so so anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am well okay so um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know I mean uh so excited to bring you this week's episode of a a a a a a a a a a a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.