Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with with with with with with with with with with with I mean uh like so so well okay so you know so only the the the the the the the the the the the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on well so like like like like like like like like like like like um uh you know so uh so you know your morning Bagel. Now where you get that that that that that that that that that that that big ol should be the only subject so okay okay so you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um okay for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this since 1872 well so so like like okay well uh okay well Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today and today and and and and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today today and today I'm well so um um so okay you know uh well um um um um um um um um um um um joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have have have have have have have have have have have floor. Uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so well okay well you know well so so so so so so so so so so so well like. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send send send send send send send send send send send like you know well I mean like okay you know so well um him send send send send send send send send send send send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well okay you know okay um um like Thank you note. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well I mean um okay so I mean you know um of this this this this this this this this this this this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.