You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights for the I mean you know uh um I mean well um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so come. Follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me lessons of the Church of of of of of of of of of of of Jesus Christ of Latter-day saints. I mean well you know you know like okay um um um um um um um um um um um well um well. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me me me me me me me me me me me this week. This episode well well uh okay you know um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses uses uses uses uses uses uses uses uses uses uses to make this like well I mean so uh um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to to to to to to to to to to to start podcasting. Anchor is free well I mean uh like so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean to use and they have a creation tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool that allows you to record um okay I mean okay like you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh so uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will will will will will will will will will will will also distribute your uh well um um you know like well uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay well well uh uh uh I mean um many more podcast platforms. Platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in like uh so like so I mean so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean one place. Don't free don't free don't free don't free don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't free don't free don't free don't free don't free don't free don't free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or or go to a Pratap FM to get started like so um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well like I mean well this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.