Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is your One Stop Shop you know uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh I mean like uh for everything related to night vision and thermal optics optics optics optics optics optics optics optics optics optics optics the newest breaking news coming out uh I mean like so I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean in the market, but want to bring in in in in in in in in in in in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean okay I mean well uh uh I mean. Jason Robertson what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks so uh like um so so so so so so so so so so so well well I mean I mean I mean that was very impressive that he got all all all all all all all all all all all those words out because that was um um you know um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to to to to to to to to to to to okay you know well so I mean like I mean I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like um you know well um I mean I mean like Fumbled it. It it it it it it it it it it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's any like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well I mean well so uh um like hiccups or problems, it it it it it it it it it it it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean like I mean well okay it's rolling and man he was was was was was was was was was was was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.