Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your we're your your your your your your your your your your your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're your we're your hosts Pooja and I mean I mean um okay um um um um um um um um um um um um well um okay so bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and and and and and and and and and and and we grew up uh okay like um um I mean uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have have have have have have have have have have have like okay uh uh so like okay I mean so um our own take on on on on on on on on on on on every situation and we're here coming at you live from okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well you know I mean so well poojas basement. We're not live. Live live live live live live live live live live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches okay so um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean um well like um basement door. Reflect on these situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv um um um you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay you know uh you know I mean and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode so I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know uh I mean so um of PB and chill in this episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We are going to be talking you know you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like uh like I mean I mean about the necessity of romantic relationships in in in in in in in in in in in college. The reason I want to do this um uh uh you know um well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh well well particular episode is because I had a a a a a a a a a a a dream I literally had a had so well um well okay um okay um uh you you you you you you you you you you you know a dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.