On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was allen was allen was allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen was allen was allen was allen was allen was allen was allen was allen was the the the the the the the the the the the first victim discovered in okay well you know well so okay okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. Murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders. It's a cautionary tale for well well so I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well I mean like anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about about about about about about about about about about about to hear and well um I mean um so well I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out check check check check check check check check check check check out check out check out check out check out check out check out check check check check check check check check check check check out check out check out like I mean so so okay uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um um well our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes every day follow today in um like um uh you know you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today is Wednesday, March you know well so well okay uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know you know like 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a a a a a a a a a a a junior college student in so um I mean I mean so so um like like like like like like like like like like like like okay Santa Rosa. California was california was california was california was california was california california california california california california california california california california california was california was california was california was california was california was raped strangled and and and and and and and and and and and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.