Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back back back back back back back back back back back Sue's um so like okay uh okay uh like so like of time. I have have have have have have have have have have have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. Okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay I mean you know okay. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, well well you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know um well uh um I mean yeah, if you hear a screeching screeching screeching screeching screeching screeching screeching screeching screeching screeching screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. I mean so um so so so so so so so so so so so um so you know uh so um. Oh my phone also Levi Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown is this is already Turning off as um so you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean like like okay a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and and and and and and and and and and and I am actually kind of scared I mean um well like like well well well well well well well well well well well well you know like so of him. I love him. He's so angry. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's like, I've never he's a you know I mean uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like well parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's just tiny. He's very he's very he's very he's very he's very he's very very very very very very very very very very very he's very he's very he's very he's very he's very tiny okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well um so so um um his little arthritic feet and and and and and and and and and and and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.