So people so people so people so people so people so people so people people people people people people people people people people people so people so people so people so people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You You You You You You You You You You You must be so tech-savvy how in you know uh like um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh um um the world, you know how to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and I crack up because I so you know you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay so I mean I mean uh am not tech savvy. I just use use use use use use use use use use use an app called anchor which I highly recommend well you know okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay um like to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step directions on how um well uh uh okay like like you know um like to to to to to to to to to to to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay I mean so so well well so you know editing's tools and and and and and and and and and and and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um so like okay I mean um you and So if if if if if if if if if if if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app so okay you you you you you you you you you you you know well so uh you know like uh you know or go go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so okay okay uh uh so hor dot f m-- and you can have a a a a a a a a a a a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another well uh well so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know like well episode of the good sign with me your host host host host host host host host host host host honest him in Tove. Thank you um uh you know I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know so well um I mean so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.