Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is why Shaggy are first first first first first first first first first first first of all, I would like to I mean um I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um so I mean encourage all of you to download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor Todd you know you know uh I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean well well FM to get started on this. It has made made made made made made made made made made made it. So easy guys, I did not well you know you know so I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well like like you know know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had had had had had had had had had had had only known it like uh I mean uh so like well um uh um well well well well well well well well well well well five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the the the the the the the the the the the anchor. I well like well you know like well um so well well have have have have have have have have have have have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all all all all all all all all all all all the job you know um uh so uh uh okay well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps uh so so well you know um like okay um okay that are are are are are are are are are are are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this so this so this this this this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this this this this this this this this this this this so this is just like well um so like okay like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If If If If If If If If If If If you have you know you know like uh you know okay uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs you know like like like I mean okay uh okay I mean uh to to to to to to to to to to to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make make make make make make make make make make make sure uh like like okay so okay uh well um okay you use this. This this this this this this this this this this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is is is is is is is is is is is a little bit late. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is the log on my Agatha.