There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you you you you you you you you you you you how um okay I mean um well so uh you know I mean like the the the the the the the the the the the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years years years years years years years years years years years to connect um well like you know uh like so uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would would would would would would would would would would would eventually be well well well uh like uh you know um I mean okay tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police police police police police police police police police police police well so um um so um um so uh well to connect him to four other other other other other other other other other other other murders years and a clever. A gator who okay well I mean uh um uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, but your bones I mean like well okay okay like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um chilled sit back and start your day with a morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning cup of murder uh well you know like well I mean um like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean you know um you know like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well of her, Texas Apartment. She had she had she had she had she she she she she she she she she she she had she had she had she had she had she had she had been been been been been been been been been been been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.