Are you ready? Are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are are are you are you are you are you are you going to do stuff you you you you you you you you you you you want me to I mean well I mean you know well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean like introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is andre. Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre. You're listening to this. You well uh um like I mean um like okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know already know who I am. I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in in in in in in in in in in in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in the the the the the the the the the the the car with Logan. So guys, how's it uh uh so um well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay okay going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not going to mention McMurray uh like I mean well I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. Tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank. It's all about the well um like you know like um well so okay um only only only only only only only only only only only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for well um um um um um um um um um um um um um uh um you know uh I mean well alumni weekend Don't ask either of of of of of of of of of of of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. I mean like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um uh uh I mean okay uh. Yeah. I don't know why we we we we we we we we we we we going. All right guys before we jump into this like well um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean um okay episode. I'm going to tell you you you you you you you you you you you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of well I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so um so so well like uh Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast because everything you need okay I mean like uh so okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast. So right so right so right so right so right right right right right right right right right right right so right so right so right so right so right so right from your phone.