If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well um uh um you know like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean um I mean me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they they they they they they they they they they they give you creation tools that you know you know uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like um well like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer anchor I mean uh I mean so like so so um you know like like like like like like like like like like like will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple like so so so so so so so so so so so well okay uh I mean um okay like you know podcasts and many more more more more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Like so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so I mean well okay. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay like uh you know well like anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like like uh well you know well okay like flip the script podcast. I'm your host in in in in in in in in in in in a lie, and I'm a full-time uh um well like I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like like reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store my store my my my my my my my my my my my store my store my store my store my store my store my store my store store store store store store store store store store store my store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um well you know um like. Oh and you can find me on on on on on on on on on on on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm so well uh well so um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean you know really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.