The truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the the the the the the the the the the the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the whole truth and nothing but but but but but but but but but but but the truth you're listening to think fags. When uh okay I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class class class class class class class class class class class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream I mean like so so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know um uh okay big Bankers his time time time time time time time time time time time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well so okay I mean so uh uh okay family in the building y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Like I like like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I mean you know like okay okay okay like so like. Like like like like like like like like like like. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod just nod just nod just nod nod nod nod nod nod nod nod nod nod nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just just just just just just just just just just just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. Uh well okay um um um um um um um um um um um well um I mean like like well. This ain't this ain't this ain't this this this this this this this this this this this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this this this this this this this this this this this ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like talking so like well okay well so so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk real okay um um so so uh uh you know I mean I mean talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so well um well um like you know okay to do is just addition is is is is is is is is is is is swear that you going to tell the truth the like I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so um I mean uh like whole truth nothing, but it was was was was was was was was was was was just big fast tradition. Can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you do do do do do do do do do do do that? Hmm? okay. Uh um okay okay um uh I mean well well okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked like you know know know know know know know know know know know so like well so uh um okay okay it was just just just talking about about about about about about about about about about about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you well so so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well like so uh well like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain parts of it you like. So well I mean well I mean like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay I mean what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.