Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know um you know um so um okay so been divided into two parts. Parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts. This is part 2 in which we talk I mean um um um like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so uh you know about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a a a a a a a a a a a cup of tea and which Tim you know um okay okay okay um you know well so so so so so so so so so so so so not only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him him him him him him him him him him him both are fascinating okay I mean you know you know uh so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay so discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night night night night night night night night night night night may be like uh um like like well um you know so so long and and and and and and and and and and and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's I mean well you know so um I mean I mean well well uh the normal the the the the the the the the the the the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality um um um um um um um um um um um okay like um uh I mean okay you know I mean you know Our Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of tea. Tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea. Uh so uh like okay like you know uh okay uh. We're going to to to to to to to to to to to be talking about that next. But before we do just a quick like so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay okay like okay so okay reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found found found found found found found found found found found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just I mean so well so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know like I mean you know like search for JV Johnson when you you you you you you you you you you you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's well you know okay I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well um um um um no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.