This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the the the the the the the the the the the stay-at-home you know well uh like so like well uh um well moms. And we we we we we we we we we we we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at like so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well like uh like I mean like home with my kids Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam works out of the home and just kind of you know um like you know know know know know know know know know know know um so I mean so um like bring a little bit of insight and and and and and and and and and and and show you that there uh uh you know okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um um you know like are really great things. There are some really messy Parts about about about about about about about about about about about each uh so well you know so um you know okay so I I I I I I I I I I I mean roll. So go and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts whether you're uh okay like so uh um so okay you know okay cleaning your your your your your your your your your your your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um okay okay um so I mean a walk and let's chat. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. I mean well you know um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um um like uh. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy messy Mama pod because we've both like so you know well like well um so so so so so so so so so so so uh well experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves as we like um like so so uh okay um like I mean chat about about about about about about about about about about about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh um uh okay uh I mean I mean of you mama's so that that that that that that that that that that that you can share your story advocate for your babies I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um uh like uh well and connect with the the the the the the the the the the the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our well like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like well like so I mean okay best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.