Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you have you have you you you you you you you you you you you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have have you thought about views and opinions and so okay so well um like like like like like like like like like like like okay um okay okay expertise you would like to share with the world? Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well anchor is the easiest way I mean you know um so I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh like to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives you everything you need you know uh like um okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh in one place for free and you can easily download it it it it it it it it it it it onto your um so well um well um uh well um uh mobile device or or or or or or or or or or or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record um okay so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay you know I mean you know so um and edit so your podcast sounds great great great great great great great great great great great and they even distribute your podcast to I mean um you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay I mean you know well um Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and so many more and the best part um okay um okay so you you you you you you you you you you you know like um so well you can easily make money with your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. So go download um you know um well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well like well like the app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f f f f f f f f f f f m-- to get started. Hey, um hey, um hey, um hey, um hey, um um um um um um um um um um um hey, um hey, um hey, um hey, um hey, um hey, um okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh so okay like you know you know it's Ryan Reedy and this is is is is is is is is is is is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean uh I mean well okay well so well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.