Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host host host host host host host host host host host and uh well you know well you know well so well uh okay ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be let's be be be be be be be be be be be let's be let's be let's be let's be let's be let's be let's be let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's be let's be real what so uh I mean uh like so um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh like a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's let's talk to well so well um um I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um so the best in the industry. Let's ask let's ask let's ask let's ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask let's ask let's ask let's ask let's ask let's ask let's ask let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's ask him some stuff. See what makes um uh okay so well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know uh well well them tick how they got to where they are. Are are are are are are are are are are. Today. Today's gas is going well you know so okay well uh um so so so so so so so so so so so like well to take you back to school. So take out a pen pen pen pen pen pen pen pen pen pen pen and paper take like uh like you know okay I mean like okay I mean you know some some some some some some some some some some some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar um like like like like like like like like like like like okay so like uh well so you know I mean Savage. Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas and ladies. She is she is she is she is she is she she she she she she she she she she she is she is she is she is she is she is a beast many of try to to to to to to to to to to to compete with her. Short well so so I mean like so um like you you you you you you you you you you you know like story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.