Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to um um I mean like you know um you know know know know know know know know know know know well um I mean leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're recording this well well you know I mean uh okay so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple days you know well well so uh uh I mean well okay well to digest some some some some some some some some some some some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're so like like like like like like like like like like like um um you know you know like okay well okay going to talk about today the the the the the the the the the the the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I I mean okay well um um um um um um um um um um um uh so so um well I mean know I said this on last week's show but but but but but but but but but but but I have to reiterate you okay okay so so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so like I mean well cannot freak out about one data point point point point point point point point point point point from the combine. These are these are these are these are these are these are are are are are are are are are are are these are these are these are these are these are Incredibly talented athletes. You know um so so so so so so so so so so so um you know okay I mean well so so. I mean most of the 40-yard dash dash dash dash dash dash dash dash dash dash dash times. It's just it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just an example, but they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're / you know like like well well like like uh you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a well well well well well well well well well well well so um uh um I mean like you know like like player but we we we we we we we we we we we did learn some things some players had much better showing than you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean so okay so I mean like well so others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.