What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what what what what is what is what is what is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag lag and I'm NB and this um okay I mean um so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures of Sabrina uh so you know um like okay okay so like well season season season season season season season season season season season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't um you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know I mean uh uh I mean uh so forget guys stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick around for the any because we are going to go through um so um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean you know I mean okay uh um our recap roundups. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be okay um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so well well uh well um sure to stick around for that. We also also also also also also also also also also also have our contest going on right like um uh um you know okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay so now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and and and and and and and and and and and a pop socket. So um okay okay well um you know well well um. Um um um um um um um um um um. To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like you know okay uh well well um the draw. We're extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so um well well you know you know um we have lots of time time time time time time time time time time time as always to or containing listeners in a brand like like like like like like like like like like like like like um um like um you know you know so new ones. Thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe you know I mean uh okay uh okay well well I mean um to to to to to to to to to to to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season well well well well well well well well well well well so like well okay okay okay I mean well I mean finale. What do you you you you you you you you you you you think? It was it was good? It was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was was really good. Okay well uh I mean well so like so okay okay. They're a a a a a a a a a a a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.