Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and and and and and and and and and and and I have a special okay I mean like like well like uh uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? there there there there there there there there there there like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh like uh like uh I mean I mean like like um um um um um um um um um um um like well well My name is Katherine. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine uh so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean so I mean like you know dances with me. I haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't I haven't I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like you know um like um um you know so could but I I I I I I I I I I I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally say I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um so so uh you know well um okay it but, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you can edit it. I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended I I I I I I I I I I I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended that I just For For For For For For For For For For For like PR um you know uh so um like uh so you know like like like like like like like like like like like Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But But But But But But But But But But But yeah, I just yeah, I so um you know you know you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so um don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I think think think think think think think think think think think it's just it's amazing. You know well uh you know so you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like um. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.