We have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have to pay the bills, and if you you you you you you you you you you you guys have been thinking about starting your you know uh okay I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like you know own podcast, let me tell you something. Something something something something something something something something something something. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor is is is is is is is is is is is uh you know okay well okay um well so you know well the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their I mean like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like so like uh uh I mean creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know I mean okay okay um computer. They'll distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple okay I mean like so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay so well podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. Okay okay well like well you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Place place place place place place place place place place. So download so okay so uh like you know okay um well um the free acre app or or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where um well okay like okay so so so so so so so so so so so um okay uh I mean you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process Process Process Process Process Process Process Process Process Process Process how to get well I mean um uh okay so okay well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean the best deal what scans to watch out for and much much much much much much much much much much much more here's your host and one so like uh I mean well uh um you you you you you you you you you you you know like you know of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.