Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife so so so so so so so so so so so well okay uh you know I mean like uh I mean you know show show show show show show show show show show show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and uh I mean um well um you know I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if if if if if if if if if if if the sound um well so well well so uh well uh okay quality sound slightly different. Different different different different different different different different different different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that you know uh well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um I mean so so I mean is because I am currently in in in in in in in in in in in the middle of moving so I have packed you know uh well you know well um um um um um um um um um um um well like well so my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines and fines and fines and fines and fines and fines and fines and fines and and and and and and and and and and and fines and fines and fines and I'm in the middle you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know like so uh I mean okay like um of a hotel because I I I I I I I I I I I also started a new job last week. Uh well like uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh you know okay well. And yeah, it's all decided to come at at at at at at at at at at at once. But the but the but the but the but the but the but the but but but but but but but but but but but the but the but the but the reason I actually chose to so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean well uh well well like do this podcast and do this this this this this this this this this this this by myself is because it's something that I want to so you know like well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean okay I mean so okay talk to you about just from from from from from from from from from from from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly you know I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so like like uh you know you know I mean honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.