Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean okay so uh uh like well the big burn from the natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished I mean okay uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well so okay okay um in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It It It It It It It It It It It would change well well okay well well you know you know well uh okay the the the the the the the the the the the way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for for for for for for for for for for for the you know I mean uh okay well um so like you know well well well well well well well well well well well u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on spotify. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh well uh like you know okay uh so uh I mean. Wherever you you you you you you you you you you you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know you know I mean so well so I mean is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well uh like so well you know like August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were okay uh okay you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um okay so uh clearing brush on a ridge above the town town town town town town town town town town town of Wallace, Idaho. It was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.