Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the the the the the the the the the the the self-mastery podcast. I want to I mean I mean like so you know um um so so so so so so so so so so so so uh thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy uh well okay so like I mean I mean well like you know this one. One one one one one one one one one one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally I mean you know like okay um I mean okay so uh um free that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like so like like uh like you know I mean phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard I mean uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh uh uh so so on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can also make money um uh uh like okay um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful podcast download the you know like so okay uh okay uh so um uh free. Free free free free free free free free free free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every touch well well well well well well well well well well well well you know um uh you know um so uh like point of you doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that they I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um well like like you know uh um I mean expect will comes to mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent four um like okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh like so years on the five am Club. I rewrote it it it it it it it it it it it over 50 times every line. Okay um you know uh um well um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.