Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. You you you you you you you you you you. I was you know well so so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well so very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism right in front like um like well okay so like um so um of my my my my my my my my my my my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh you know like I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um uh. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to to to to to to to to to to to use the well uh so you know um well well like uh um small lamp lamp lamp lamp lamp lamp lamp lamp lamp lamp lamp on the table next to me. They really they really they really they really really really really really really really really really really really they really they really they really they really they really they really they really need need need need need need need need need need need to fix the well you know like um well I mean so like so so so so so so so so so so so like lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other other other other other other other other other other other so you know uh you know so I mean well uh like well than than than than than than than than than than than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean like like uh like well um so shift. The first thing I tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried was to walk out but I could see I mean I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like well okay movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I I I I I I I I I I I moved towards the well I mean I mean like like uh like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.