Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you well well well well well well well well well well well so uh well um like so okay well I mean by anchor anchor is is is is is is is is is is is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. So like so like like like like like like like like like like like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like like like like like like like like like like like so like so like uh I mean so uh I mean okay uh I mean. Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know you know okay okay um I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. That um I mean uh so you know um uh okay um um means means means means means means means means means means means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, that's what what what what what what what what what what what I'm like so um uh okay okay so so I mean I mean doing right right right right right right right right right right right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so so you know I mean so so you know love love love love love love love love love love love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's uh well uh I mean okay uh so uh I mean uh very easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to to to to to to to to to to to I mean like you know like I mean like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. Well well well well well well well well well well. Okay you know uh I mean so okay you know so so you know. Know know know know know know know know know know. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh I mean well you know you know so doing it go go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean um okay you know um / start Let's Roll whole ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin the lives in with an uh so you know um like like you you you you you you you you you you you know so um like hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.