Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay well okay like like so uh and we are chatting about finishing a a a a a a a a a a a painting last week. We talked about getting started the I mean so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know well so so like painting that I talked about last week. Week week week week week week week week week week. I have finished and now I'm sharing so you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like well well well so all the tips and techniques and and and and and and and and and and and ideas that I use in my own Studio well so like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know like I mean um practice when I get to the the the the the the the the the the the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this I mean like um okay well well well well well well well well well well well like like like uh I mean podcast is brought to you by my online online online online online online online online online online online class layer by layer where you I mean so so um well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean well will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start start start start start start start start start start start to finish. So if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean you know like like um uh you'd like to to to to to to to to to to to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay uh okay well I mean I mean classes click click click click click click click click click click click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. Like so so so so so so so so so so so well okay like you know um um like like. The coupon the coupon the the the the the the the the the the the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon the coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will okay you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh you know you know uh um um okay save 20% on on on on on on on on on on on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the the the the the the the the the the the coupon expires. Hello Laura hello Laura hello Laura hello Laura hello Laura hello Laura hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello Laura hello Laura hello Laura hello Laura hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.