After we after we after we after we after we after we after we after we we we we we we we we we we we after we after we after we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't walk in a okay um well you know uh uh like you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and and and and and and and and and and and then moving I came back so like I mean you know okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay um with hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good good good good good good good good good good good man that day so well uh so so okay like like like so at the the the the the the the the the the the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay like okay you know like um well of us. And And And And And And And And And And And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well well well well I mean well I mean that funnel cake. Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake. We all know are you get what you have to watch I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh okay uh well um I mean funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember that because you're the only person I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like like like um like um okay uh I know who loves funnel cake more than than than than than than than than than than than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old good old good old good old good old good good good good good good good good good good good old good old good old good old good old good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.