Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay okay you know well so like like I mean uh I mean. I'm Vincent Rim. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot so okay like um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh okay like to talk about this week starting with the Scion versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus LeBron two matchups. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have no uh okay well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well like I mean over the past week. We got we got we we we we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got got got we got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh like you know um you know um and Giannis antetokounmpo. Antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo. Yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir MVP race and then be a a a a a a a a a a a and finally talk uh uh so like you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean on it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low low low low low low low low low low low and possibly like okay so like well I mean you know well um um um um um um um um um um um um the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up Tre so uh I mean okay like like um okay like um was good. Good good good good good good good good good good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in maryland. So um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know okay uh uh like okay like. Looking forward to this week, week, week, week, week, week, week, week, week, week, week, but it's great pests who week of sports okay uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so uh like I mean the past week as far as been been been been been been been been been been been amazing. We got we got we got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got two great matchups between Lakers so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay uh uh uh you know so in the the the the the the the the the the the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.