Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing confusing um I mean like like um uh uh um uh I mean because we release release release release release release release release release release release the last two episodes out of order. When one when one when one when when when when when when when when when when when one when one when one when one when one when one when one when one one one one one one one one one one one one three two. You know okay so you know I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay okay. Oh, how will how will they trust how will will will will will will will will will will will our fans? How are we like you know well you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so so well gonna get through this as a group? I think I think think think think think think think think think think think that all um okay you know you know um you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of of of of of of of of of of of like an avant-garde movie okay uh well well so uh you know uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay uh well uh you know like uh so like Witcher. I've hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt I've hurt I've hurt I've hurt I've hurt I've hurt I've hurt I've hurt I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've hurt I've hurt I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. Order order order order order order order order order order. I'm well well uh well well okay I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um playing would you right now? It's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining my life. Life life life life life life life life life life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you um uh okay like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what what what what what what what what what what what so what so what so what so what so what so what so what so so so so so so so so so so so what so what so what are your biggest I mean I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um well so okay okay Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you you you you you you you you you you you like medieval don't you I do. Okay like so you know um um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like. What about war? What about like like guns big fan of of of of of of of of of of of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.