Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean um well uh okay uh with an update on the the the the the the the the the the the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In okay uh you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know the last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going going going going going going going going going going going up and up as um you know you know so so okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and and and and and and and and and and and more than 3,000 dead. And this uh you know um I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh like you know virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 countries now affected and we're well okay like you know you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well um you know you know starting to feel it here in the us. US US US US US US US US US US. Tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the the the the the the the the the the the tonight the tonight the governor of Washington declaring so okay you know well uh so so so so so so so so so so so so like okay well a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus death in the US. The virus has so okay um well okay um so like like like like like like like like like like like like well killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about about about about about about about about about about about more like well okay okay so okay you know well so um and more more more more more more more more more more more infections. There are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.