Hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is Rachel Braun and and and and and and and and and and and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and so okay well you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so um um brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. Guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest. His name is like so uh like okay you know well um you know like like like like like like like like like like like Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I I I I I I I I I I I actually uh um okay I mean you know I mean like uh um you know knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like well uh I mean okay I mean like Nittany Lion because rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of so like like like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean um okay okay like said that the The line was was was was was was was was was was was actually in our major. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I had had had had had had had had had had had a little uh you know like okay I mean I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh heads-up who is going to be but not really a a a a a a a a a a a lot of people have you know okay so uh like like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like uh uh like okay um like you know Penn State. It's kept secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a well um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know well so so okay you know few months ago during during during during during during during during during during during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind uh so like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well you know so well well of cool. You want to give give give give give give give give give give give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. Okay like uh uh like okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.