What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee okay so like uh so well like I mean okay um of the - Lee's we we we we we we we we we we we are on a high right now. We just filmed you know you know well like like like like like like like like like like like well um I mean so so well one podcast with one of my my my my my my my my my my my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking so uh I mean okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well like well from taking sides from Simply on purpose - - - - - - - - - - - we should ever on this podcast. So um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um um um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like um so um well you know that's going to be be be be be be be be be be be on big little life right now. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have all well um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay okay um I mean I mean okay of your emails. We're just going going going going going going going going going going going to go through them answer them with our heart. So um so um so um um um um um um um um um um um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know well I mean okay um okay you know. I'm really really really really really really really really really really really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh I mean like okay like like um just two normal people. People people people people people people people people people people. Or and or and or and or and or and or and or and or and and and and and and and and and and and or and or and or and we have our own struggles. So we're well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh so okay okay you know you know well just going to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you what we would hope that we would do in these um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like uh well uh uh situations. We would hope that we we we we we we we we we we we would do and will also tell you what we uh um um uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh well uh have done which was probably what we hoped. Hoped hoped hoped hoped hoped hoped hoped hoped hoped hoped. We wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay like well like okay okay I mean in marriage therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without so without so without so without without without without without without without without without without without so without so without so without so without so without so without without without without without without without without without without without so without further Ado, I mean so um well um so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff from books. I mean so you know so I mean uh like so you know know know know know know know know know know know so. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.