Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the the the the the the the the the the the you know well uh so so I mean like I mean okay uh art art art art art art art art art art art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry like like like like like like like like like like like well you know okay you know you know well you know well okay who are are are are are are are are are are are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like uh well okay okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on on on on on on on on on on on this um I mean well uh okay I mean uh um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know world. Are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you up for the challenge now? now now now now now now now now now now Let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get get get get get get get get get get get let's get let's get let's get into the show. I'm uh so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like uh well so here today with a special guest a treat if you you you you you you you you you you you will Bethany. Well, I've like so I mean um like I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so like um never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last well well well well well well well well well well well um um uh um well uh uh I mean I mean name right? You did. Did did did did did did did did did did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, uh I mean so like I mean I mean well well okay like like like like like like like like like like like let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean uh okay so like so so well is starboard editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.