Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang okay well well well well well well well well well well well like uh okay you know I mean okay I mean like today. I'm sharing I'm sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing I'm sharing I'm sharing I'm sharing I'm sharing I'm sharing I'm sharing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sharing I'm sharing I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis basis point I mean like like so like I mean okay um so so cut the the the the the the the the the the the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a a a a a a a a a a a uh so I mean uh uh I mean you know um so uh material material material material material material material material material material material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell um like like you know um well like so like okay basically indicated that that that that that that that that that that that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay so uh I mean uh so well you know will surely way on on on on on on on on on on on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. You know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know well like like okay okay um like so. So so so so so so so so so so. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about about about about about about about about about about about okay um um I mean okay like like I mean well so the FED FED FED FED FED FED FED FED FED FED FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh you know okay um okay um I mean. The question that remains is is is is is is is is is is is where will the FED go from here? If you like so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean I mean I mean well reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than um like um okay uh like um so so so so so so so so so so so like well verbal jawboning. So our so our so our so our so our so so so so so so so so so so so our so our so our so our so our so our senses look look look look look look look look look look look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.