What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us us us us us us us us us us us um you know I mean uh uh um well I mean so well today. Today today today today today today today today today today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so so okay okay I mean so so preview. But first we're going going going going going going going going going going going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in our I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh um I mean well you know so you know normal spot. We We We We We We We We We We We had to kind of do it on the fly, but bear with okay you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay um I mean like you know uh well us and it's pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. Uh so so well so so so so so so so so so so so so well uh okay I mean. We're on we're on we're on we're on on on on on on on on on on on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're on with with with with with with with with with with with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track office not like okay like like like like like like like like like like like well so you know you know well okay you know really supposed to be got some some some some some some some some some some some audience over here. Yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first we're podcast um I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well well so well like so I mean was an audience who serve serve serve serve serve serve serve serve serve serve serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how so, how how how how how how how how how how how so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how you doing Donovan?.