Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um uh you know so okay okay about the amazing app. App app app app app app app app app app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the like well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean I mean okay well uh so app. I use to to to to to to to to to to to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend so like um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay okay uh um of mine who actually does it as well well well well well well well well well well well because I thought at first oh my like um you know um uh um so so so so so so so so so so so you know well like gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am am am am am am am am am am am I going to do it? well uh I mean um uh I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like like I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to to to to to to to to to to to ensure that well you know uh I mean I mean uh um um like well well well well well well well well well well well all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we we we we we we we we we we we so you know you know I mean you know you know so I mean I mean well do do do do do do do do do do do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, well so so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know you know okay you know well so especially when you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's like well like like like like like like like like like like like um like okay uh like like well absolutely free. There's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so well okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um you know like bright from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you so like like uh well well uh well so well well well well well well well well well well well um we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you you you you you you you you you you you can I mean like um uh uh so um you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no no no no no no no no no no no minimum okay you know you know um so so you know well um like listenership. So So So So So So So So So So So if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just just just just just just just just just just just okay so um I mean like I mean well well you know well do it. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.