Do you love horror? Do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you do you love love love love love love love love love love love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course of course of course of course course course course course course course course course course course of course of course of course of course of course of course of course you you you you you you you you you you you like like like so um okay I mean uh you know okay do. That's why why why why why why why why why why why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own you know like so so so so so so so so so so so you know like I mean um okay uh well horror podcast, whatever kind of of of of of of of of of of of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's well um um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um well um you know well a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called called called called called called called called called called called anchor it's the easiest way to make so uh okay okay uh well um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the the the the the the the the the the the creative tools. You'll need I mean you know you know okay okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh okay to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer and even better well uh okay well well okay I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets on Apple or Spotify or okay okay like so well you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast so you know you know okay well like well um uh you know know know know know know know know know know know all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor so so so so so so so so so so so uh so okay um so so okay like I mean app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.