The sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the the the the the the the the the the the sports the sports the sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card card card card card card card card card card card investor five you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um so of of of of of of of of of of of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name is Jeff Wilson well um you know so well okay well you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay by day. I invest in tech companies and at night night night night night night night night night night night I invest in sports car. You know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh well well like well. Please. Join me on my journey to to to to to to to to to to to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello um you know well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay you know you know okay boards guard investors and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Okay you know um like um so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card card card card card card card card card card card Market is on uh uh okay you know well like um well so so so so so so so so so so so uh fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I I I I I I I I I I I can't wait like you know I mean I mean so uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.