Oh, hello. Again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're just in time for jumpers jumpers jumpers jumpers jumpers jumpers jumpers jumpers jumpers jumpers jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show you know um okay um so okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush the inside I mean uh okay well uh I mean so uh like so the the the the the the the the the the the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like um so you know well uh um so day we tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know uh like uh I mean an incredible athlete and mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom wait my mom. No, your no, your no, your no, your no, your no, your your your your your your your your your your your no, your no, your no, your no, your no, your mom's cool, but uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like like I mean like I mean okay I mean we're actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay uh like um uh I mean like well sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner runner runner runner runner runner runner runner runner runner runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know like like uh um well well you know athlete and her dream was to win. Win win win win win win win win win win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.