Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected selected like you know you know I mean you know well you know like you you you you you you you you you you you know well those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with with with with with with with with with with with additional so so well uh well you know uh I mean uh you know Research Research Research Research Research Research Research Research Research Research Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a wide variety you know okay so well um uh you know like uh like across across across across across across across across across across across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay uh um I mean you know okay like I mean we hope you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate so well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so okay okay uh you know you know not to lose the the the the the the the the the the the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night. Okay like like like like like like like like like like like um you know I mean like uh um I mean you know. He was filthy filthy filthy filthy filthy filthy filthy filthy filthy filthy filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh well oh well oh well well well well well well well well well well well oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well well well well well well well well well well well okay okay uh um okay so you know I mean okay long arrows foot hit a a a a a a a a a a a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf um so um well well well well well well well well well well well like okay well well like uh and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.