Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay like well you know like okay you know um polyphonic and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through like uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay okay uh so like I mean Saga one issue at a a a a a a a a a a a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay you know you know okay um so like. Will we make a a a a a a a a a a a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's our other podcasts. He well you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know you know okay you know well I mean you know said said said said said said said said said said said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, that's fast. Like I mean um like well well so well well like. How How How How How How How How How How How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was I I I I I I I I I I I sitting on you know you know well so like uh well uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Visual visual visual visual visual visual visual visual visual visual. So like uh like okay uh well you know I mean I mean. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, this is good book really. Really really really really really really really really really really. This is a good book. I just looked at well uh uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like so okay like this cover. This is a good book. I love love love love love love love love love love love this cover this. You know what? like okay like okay like okay like okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay so so so so so so so so so so so um okay well you know you know well so No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.