Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to to to to to to to to to to to you by Luxor technology North America's like so well so you know um like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools with professionalism and an like so okay well like like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um intense customer focus. They provide they provide they provide they provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide they provide they provide they provide they provide they provide they provide they provide a a a a a a a a a a a top-notch user experience and have a great selection so okay uh um you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh well so of pools for you to mine to from a variety of of of of of of of of of of of notable altcoins to Big okay so okay well you know you know okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to to to to to to to to to to to you know uh okay you know you know okay like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen well um so you know I mean uh um you know uh I mean to sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as so well uh so so so so so so so so so so so so you know um so I mean like listeners would support the show by Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting them you can find them online so well okay um you know so well well well well well well well well well well well well like you know at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Tech Team. Hey, uh so um um well like like uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in the I mean um you know um I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are are are are are are are are are are are joined by um um so like like well well so like uh mr. Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We like um um um um um um um um um um um like uh so like I mean you know well you know talk about about about about about about about about about about about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean well so so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like okay like hash has an epic rant on the inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion of big Tech into the uh you know okay you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so um I mean uh crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.