This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting down the you know okay like uh I mean um like I mean so well well well well well well well well well well well top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 when like I mean well like well I mean so so I mean uh heavyweight boxer. Boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer boxer. Mike. Tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was was was was was was was was was was was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was delivered a knockout punch and and and and and and and and and and and charged with the sexual assault of so okay well well uh um um okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports events events events events events events events events events events events from history tune in um well like well okay okay um uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify or spotify or spotify or spotify or spotify or spotify or spotify or spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify spotify or spotify or spotify or wherever you get well you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so so uh okay well I mean your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym gym on September 10th 1991 world champion okay um so um I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh well boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying satisfying satisfying satisfying satisfying satisfying satisfying satisfying satisfying satisfying satisfying thuds so okay you know uh like well um you know um so Tyson was was was was was was was was was was was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.