Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian so so so so so so so so so so so uh um so so uh you know um uh well McDonough. Here's where we are are are are are are are are are are are at this very moment. We know we know we know we know we we we we we we we we we we we know we know we know we know we know we know we know that in in in in in in in in in in in the you know okay okay um I mean I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like well well United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know know know know know know know know know know know we know we know we know we know we know we know we know we we we we we we we we we we we know we know we know uh well I mean you know uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean uh that those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in in in in in in in in in in in Seattle. Most I mean uh I mean well okay well okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have have have have have have have have have have have climbed past um okay uh I mean uh okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with it's with it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's with it's with it's with it's with it's with it's with it's with it's with with with with with with with with with with with it's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As well as well as as as as as as as as as as as well as well as well as well as well as well as well well well well well well well well well well well as well as well I mean okay I mean uh well uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only only only only only only only only only only only one well okay um so okay okay okay um uh so the nursing home outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake okay so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know I mean okay you know well I mean County County County County County County County County County County County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in in in in in in in in in in in isolation at home and doing well. So, where so, where so, where so, where where where where where where where where where where where so, where so, where so, where so, where so, where so, where so, where are we now what's going on?.