What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is is is is what is what is what is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 of the Sasha T uh you know um okay like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so I mean show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video video video video video video video video video video video series well okay uh so um okay well I mean uh well we we we we we we we we we we we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate okay like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean like so well okay you guys tuning in and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get back to business today. So I'm um I mean um uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um um like um like making this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 points 70. Rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and and and and and and and and and and and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and so well so okay well so well so so so so so so so so so so so so uh 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of of of of of of of of of of of you um I mean well I mean so I mean okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are are are are are are are are are are are what are what are what are what are what are what are what are are are are are are are are are are are what are what are what are some you know like uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um okay so um well undervalued cards of is right. Now that now that that that that that that that that that that that now that now that now that now that now that now that now that that that that that that that that that that that now that now that people can go out and buy based on okay well uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um um so uh so what his base prism PSA tests. Tests tests tests tests tests tests tests tests tests tests. We going we going we going we going we going we going we going we we we we we we we we we we we going we going we going we going for see what we're seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing right so okay uh um uh I mean I mean uh um like now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.