Free to free to free to free to free to free to free to to to to to to to to to to to free to free to free to free to fly in Step Up and step step step step step step step step step step step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello everybody like like like um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know uh and thanks for hanging out with us on on on on on on on on on on on this Tuesday. For those for those for those for those for those for those for for for for for for for for for for for those for those for those for those for those of you like like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know like so well so who don't know. We usually shoot these these these these these these these these these these these shows day before and there were okay you know um um okay well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about about about about about about about about about about about it. I well so I mean so well so you know like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this is um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh so you know okay uh well you know you know a new story story story story story story story story story story story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think think think think think think think think think think think like I mean well okay I mean I mean um uh uh well it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it it it it it it it it it it it is about okay well um you know you know like okay well okay so so so so so so so so so so so the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad I'm glad I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad I'm glad this up actually I mean you know so okay um you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know uh well did as much research. You looked into it to find find find find find find find find find find find out what her uh okay well okay so so like so okay I mean deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.