Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire entire session. I mean you know you know well um I mean like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and and and and and and and and and and and we you know you know well well um okay uh like uh okay couldn't agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know so so um you know I mean so okay well onto my laptop to to to to to to to to to to to see what it sounded like and there's these little I mean um uh well well well well well well well well well well well like uh like so um so better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so so so so so so so so so so so we don't know if this is recording actually well I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um like like okay well has any so we're just going to apologize in in in in in in in in in in in advanced and hope that okay uh okay uh I mean like I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're families to um uh um like uh so well okay like I mean feed. Let's roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh uh uh I mean uh um I mean where two boys talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and daylan and and and and and and and and and and and daylan and daylan and daylan and daylan and daylan and daylan and daylan and daylan and daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.