Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media media media media media media media media media media media Network. I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I mean like like um um um um um um um um um um um like like so so um like your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great great great great great great great great great great great show in store for you okay I mean like uh um well uh like so so so so so so so so so so so okay today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about Pixar um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like you know okay I mean so so um Animation studio. And today today today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today today and today and today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator and and and and and and and and and and and you know like you know so uh okay you know you know like um one one one one one one one one one one one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody look guys well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like um well um well Andrew and me had been talking about about about about about about about about about about about how we could get him on the you know I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh you know okay so like podcast and stuff. He wanted he he he he he he he he he he he wanted he wanted he wanted he wanted he wanted he wanted he wanted he wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted he wanted he wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well so so um I mean you know like talk about animated films. Films films films films films films films films films films. So we so we so we so we so we so we so we we we we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we thought this would be you know, the the the the the the the the the the the perfect okay well so okay okay so uh uh um I mean category category category category category category category category category category category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.