Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason bolton. You You You You You You You You You You You know you know well so I mean so well you know um uh. Oh and I I I I I I I I I I I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, so you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay uh so I mean I mean like um otherwise known as it's going going going going going going going going going going going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas okay uh like well uh um um um um um um um um um um um so well um I mean to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness mr. Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next well I mean well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know like uh time at the casino tables young and and and and and and and and and and and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date you know okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um you know I mean um I mean myself. They call me. Mr. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's and it's and it's and it's and and and and and and and and and and and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and it's okay um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like um so well well Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so well well I mean like um gotta really get into and a pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a okay okay well uh okay like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and and and and and and and and and and and Screen. Yeah, stay I mean okay well you know so you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so um well stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without without without without without without without without without without without electricity okay uh okay okay I mean you know well uh like so today. So So So So So So So So So So So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like um okay I mean like okay so um working on battery power over over over over over over over over over over over there. So I have a good signal and I well you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like um so like I mean uh have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.