Hi everyone. I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the the the the the the the the the the the sites of social okay um like I mean I mean uh okay uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know media a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like well okay okay uh uh so stories insights experimentation and learnings to to to to to to to to to to to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome so so um you know well so well well well well well well well well well well well you know well well to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might have have have have have have have have have have have heard last week, we're okay you know so well so I mean okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh working on a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. Media media media media media media media media media media. We can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't we can't we can't we can't we can't wait I mean you know so like like like like like like like like like like like uh so uh you know you know okay to share it with you in in in in in in in in in in in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted you know um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like well I mean uh okay to revisit a really Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential I mean uh so um um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know okay okay uh skills for a marketer to have good copy is is is is is is is is is is is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and um well uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like okay so especially on social media in this episode. We'll give we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll give we'll give we'll give we'll give we'll give we'll give we'll give we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll give we'll give we'll give you the tools to write okay so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know well um well I mean uh so exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.