Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm you know know know know know know know know know know know like well you know uh so well you know like like Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean uh okay well okay so like well serenading you with a a a a a a a a a a a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be you know I mean like okay like okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know well like reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite poets like uh uh like like um okay so okay I mean Christina Rossetti and we we we we we we we we we we we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean so like you know uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream of well uh okay so uh I mean uh like so you know you to to to to to to to to to to to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like well um so okay like uh I mean might dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear dear dear dear dear dear dear dear dear dear dear well you know okay well you know like like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you you you you you you you you you you you okay I mean um so okay um like uh you know well full and night I I I I I I I I I I I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.