If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me you know um so like so so um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know uh explain it's free. So if you want to to to to to to to to to to to start a podcast, but not sure so like okay so I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um um if it's going to be something you want to keep up up up up up up up up up up up with. There's no money to uh so uh well you know okay uh so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh put into it. So you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so so so so so so so so so so so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're just doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it and if it works out great, you so um like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well um well I mean keep doing it at no cost but there there there there there there there there there there there was no money out of your pocket, you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like well you know okay which was a big incentive for me to want want want want want want want want want want want to go with uh okay um you know uh you know uh so well so so so so so so so so so so so anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your your well um like uh uh okay like um so uh phone or computer super easy. Easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so like so like so like um um um um um um um um um um um um you know like you know well uh like so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can you know well um like okay like like like like like like like like like like like so like so like make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not not not not not not not not not not not found that any uh like like so well so uh um uh you know other other other other other other other other other other other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in like uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know well um so you know I mean well one place download the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.