Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode the hottest take is brought to to to to to to to to to to to you by Philadelphia cream cheese you know like uh I mean um so well well well well well well well well well well well okay um okay made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's perfect for you know I mean um well um okay well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol should well like so so I mean you know so okay like um be the the the the the the the the the the the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know so um you know well so I mean been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the hottest take I mean um okay um you know like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know my name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker and Roger Sherman um so uh I mean so uh um okay um um um um um um um um um um um well and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week week week week week week week week week week week is okay um you know uh well well I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having having having having having having having having having having having a random holiday in you know um uh okay uh I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well well like the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government the the the the the the the the the the the government the government the government the government the government the government the government the the the the the the the the the the the government the government the government has you know uh okay okay I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like okay thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.