Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys about um um like well uh well I mean like so uh anchor which which which which which which which which which which which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like um I mean um like I mean heard about anchor its easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast and let me um uh like well you know uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your I mean uh um well uh okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know like like podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. You you you you you you you you you you. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like I mean. So you can be heard on things like like like like like like like like like like like Spotify Apple podcast many more you uh like like you know okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, and it's everything you like like like um like you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor app so like like so like like I mean so um you know or or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, welcome to you know uh so I mean okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh um another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for for for for for for for for for for for tuning in as always. You know um uh you know I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know well I mean. It's your host Kelly. So excited to to to to to to to to to to to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi so um you know um well well well well well well well well well well well like like uh you know I mean like so excited but we got our our our our our our our our our our our finale of Love is Blind this past week, you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so so um um um and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.