Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay you know uh so so fan analysis podcast and is not affiliated with with with with with with with with with with with Andrew Hussie or any home okay um so uh so you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well um okay stucks official entities. Please remember to support the release of its books books books books books books books books books books books and merchandise um you know uh I mean I mean um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like whenever possible feel free to read along with us. If you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you have epilepsy you know like like so I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like um like I mean or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick to the so okay you know um like I mean um okay so um audio. Audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description um um um um um um um um um um um uh like well you know so um um okay I mean if you wish to Read Read Read Read Read Read Read Read Read Read Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay well okay um like okay so you know. So we're going to to to to to to to to to to to have some opinions about the construction of the story. These so these so these these these these these these these these these these these so these so these so these so these so these so these so these these these these these these these these these these these so these so um so okay so um you know you know you know well opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This so so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so uh you know okay like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so uh show is not safe for work. And if you're a minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor we ask that you wait I mean well I mean uh uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well okay to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.