Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL lab today. I mean uh um like so um I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London London London London London London London London London London London City Royals I mean uh okay I mean um like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win win win win win win win win win win win the you know like uh okay I mean like okay um um uh BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more. It's you you you you you you you you you you you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you you you you you you you you you you you it's you it's you it's you know I mean um uh so well okay so so so so so so so so so so so um um another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well well well well well well well well well well well that's segment okay like well like uh um I mean um okay okay is going going going going going going going going going going going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show. Hit so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay well uh I mean okay you know uh uh when you'll see how how how how how how how how how how how long it is about not listening to it. But before I mean like uh well well well well well well well well well well well well um so um like so we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The The The The The The The The The The The oh, I'm just going to run give you know um well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay so um you a rundown of the all the games this weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend and I will I'm going like so like so well well you know know know know know know know know know know know um um well to talk about something else as well. So first game and the the the the the the the the the the the Wolves beat the I mean I mean uh like like okay okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like um flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.