Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel um um um um um um um um um um um okay well okay well like well okay uh so like you want to to to to to to to to to to to share? I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know Brandon and I toss different different different different different different different different different different different ideas so you know I mean like um well I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way to okay like okay um like like uh like um well make a podcast and I'll tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you why first of all, it's free. You like okay um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay you know I mean can record edit and distribute your podcast all from your your your your your your your your your your your phone or or from so okay um so I mean like so um um um um um um um um um um um okay um your computer. It will it will it will it will it will it it it it it it it it it it it will it will it will it will it will it will do all of the the the the the the the the the the the work for you put it uh okay um okay um uh well you know well well well well well well well well well well well well out on Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money money money money money money money money money money money with I mean uh well I mean um well uh um so like no no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh I mean so well I mean so you know like place. Place place place place place place place place place place. So here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free free free free free free free free free free free uh like uh um I mean like like uh I mean um anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like uh so I mean so uh so dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome so so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay well okay well um like um to the inside scoop on Mental Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.