In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous I mean I mean you know like so well I mean so okay um um um um um um um um um um um friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Person person person person person person person person person person. Welcome well you know well uh well uh well you know okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is is is is is is is is is is is nacho. I'm I mean um you know okay uh like okay uh so you know thomas. Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern uh uh like like so so I mean like okay uh that we've had had had had had had had had had had had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week uh I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean well um um so we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking about friendships and next week. Um you um you um you um you um you you you you you you you you you you you um you um you um you um you um you um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well okay like you know well so. We're talking about a surprise. But before before before before before before before before before before before but before but before but before but before but before but before but before before before before before before before before before before before but before but before but before we get into all that Kylie, I I I I I I I I I I I believe uh okay okay so I mean I mean well you know so so so so so so so so so so so so you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.