Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would would would would would would would would would like to encourage uh so well you know so okay I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean all of you to download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to to Anchor Todd okay like okay uh you know uh so um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I did not know, um um I mean you know like so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well you know you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known known known known known known known known known known known it uh well so well well like well uh okay well like five ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten years before early because all I need to do is download the you you you you you you you you you you you know um like well you know so so so I mean so anchor. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay you know okay uh like okay um I mean will do all the the the the the the the the the the the job for me. It will publish it in all the uh um uh well well well well well well well well well well well like like you know um like well major podcast sides. You know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know apps that are available and I do not well you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean I mean you know well um you know uh need to do do do do do do do do do do do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. Um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean well um well uh okay so. You also you also you also you also also also also also also also also also also also you also you also you also you also you also you also you also need need need need need need need need need need need to make use of it. If you have a message if you um so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay so so I mean so so uh have some come content, which you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel that needs to reach out to the world or okay okay okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know um like uh so um simply want to post something make sure you use use use use use use use use use use use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes so I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well uh like I mean um podcast. So today's so today's so today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's so today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well like like you know uh uh like um it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.