Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime pastime like um um uh I mean I mean like you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there there there there there there there there there there there uh so like I mean okay okay um okay so like invincibles hope and and and and and and and and and and and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know so I mean well so you know okay for the second time. Time time time time time time time time time time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter staunton. Well so so uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay you know I mean well. Last time you came on your above above above above above above above above above above above Dave despite not touching your team since game I mean like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like okay uh okay you know week one. Yeah, how you faring now? now now now now now now now now now now Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In like well um you know so um um um um um um um um um um um um well okay I mean the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I think out so okay um well uh I mean like um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested well well well well well well well well well well well um okay so you know like okay um um okay though well-known. I get the the the the the the the the the the the impression you're not from from the fact you have a I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um okay um okay like I mean okay uh lot of players on your team you are are are are are are are are are are are playing. Well the problem there was The um well okay okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like uh okay League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.