Hey guys, this is too true. It's your it's your it's your it's your your your your your your your your your your your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl Gina and Rachel. We so I mean I mean like well so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you you you you you you you you you you you are here with you know um okay like I mean well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and and and and and and and and and and and we're coming from San uh well uh you know well so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together together together together together together together together together together together today and feeling so excited to like you know I mean uh uh well so so so so so so so so so so so um so you know share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to true too so um so um you know okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true true true true true true true true true true true too. True. So well so well so well so well so well so well so so so so so so so so so so so well so well so well so well so well so okay okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh well okay. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so so we're going to talk about our story for okay like um you know well well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do do do do do do do do do do do we express I mean I mean okay you know you know um well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean this? How do we what do we think think think think think think think think think think think of what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.