What's going on everybody? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the the quickie. This is Luke and I'm like um uh uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like so like like like going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. Let's talk about a statement from like okay I mean okay like uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's an open relationship with I mean okay um well okay well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to to the quickie well I mean well I mean um you know so um you you you you you you you you you you you know um and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor before okay um uh well okay um uh I mean well like downloading it this this this this this this this this this this this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I like well well well well well well well well well well well okay so okay like okay um well you know encourage you to make your own own own own own own own own own own own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to so like well um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so I mean so download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you you you you you you you you you you you have conversations. Anyway, why not so so well I mean well um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow okay like uh um uh like okay I mean well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh okay so like like well um um uh you know. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.