Greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the the the the the the the the the the the government being uh you know like like um well like um so uh cast a a a a a a a a a a a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games workshop. Workshop workshop workshop workshop workshop workshop workshop workshop workshop workshop. You know well um so like okay uh um okay um. This is the second ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this um I mean you know so um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh um so I mean isn't too horrible and still trying to find find find find find find find find find find find my feet. So I hope you are bear like uh um I mean okay like you know like like like like like like like like like like like well uh with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and and and and and and and and and and and okay I mean like like you know I mean okay you know like well re-recorded sections that that that that that that that that that that that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. Um you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um like well so so well you know. I cover recent news and and and and and and and and and and and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then like like well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay well um you know spend the rest of the show focus on a a a a a a a a a a a conversation about maniples the basic so okay I mean so uh I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay like building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some some some some some some some some some some some time discussing how to okay uh um okay so like like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of I mean well well like like like so like um uh Basic Ground to to to to to to to to to to to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming gaming gaming gaming gaming gaming gaming gaming gaming gaming gaming perspective. So okay um okay you know so uh um you know um. This is a a a a a a a a a a a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a well um you you you you you you you you you you you know um well I mean so okay so well slight change in Styles throughout the the the the the the the the the the the main section of the shug. This week work like you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay so like was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.