The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real like so so so so so so so so so so so like like so uh you know so well um good form before we get to to to to to to to to to to to talking about anything and everything to do with okay well okay um so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so um um golf shafts. I got to give a big big big big big big big big big big big thank you to the man like so like I mean so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director director director director director director director director director director director of marketing Innovation so you know like uh well I mean like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a a a a a a a a a a a lot. I know Don you know you know I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know you know you know well that you have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true okay um okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay I mean uh you know also has what a Baseball division division division division division division division division division division division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I so like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like uh you know you know correct on all this before? Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before we get going. Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that is is is is is is is is is is is correct. So you know you know uh uh uh so like you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the you know know know know know know know know know know know so so well you know you know um um uh okay middle of last last last last last last last last last last last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay I mean like uh like so lacrosse division are Baseball division and and and and and and and and and and and they are all branded true. So it made sense I mean um okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh well I mean uh I mean for the parent company recalled to sports as as as as as as as as as as as opposed to True Temper sports or to well so you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um um um so well I mean Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we make a wide like okay you know well um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well okay okay range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.