What's up, everybody? It is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is Brian Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal development I mean like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean so you know one tip at a time today. Today today today today today today today today today today. I'm featuring a special individual who also is so uh um well okay like you you you you you you you you you you you know well like I mean our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen Sheen and he is the founder like so okay well okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay okay of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of of of of of of of of of of of the charity is like well like uh well uh okay um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage and so so so so so so so so so so so well like like uh um you know um so okay honor. I'll get into more more more more more more more more more more more detail about because I said it would in the interview, so um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know um so uh so okay but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central to Alex's Mission promises um well um I mean uh like uh uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only only only only only only only only only only only I mean so you know you know okay uh um so so I mean when when when when when when when when when when when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary well like like like like like like like like like like like uh um like I mean well well uh like A promise is a statement telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will like like um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh uh okay certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.