Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are okay I mean okay okay I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like um joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This This This This This This This This This This This was a very special episode. I like like so well well um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean I mean uh these episodes because we don't really go go go go go go go go go go go through the chronological career of the I mean like okay um well uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We We We We We We We We We We We interviewed. And well okay you know uh well you know so well uh um um um um um um um um um um um since it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his his his his his his his his his his his career. Uh well you know well okay you know okay like you know so. And And And And And And And And And And And so I got to talk about a lot of things on this show show show show show show show show show show show you know well uh so I mean okay I mean like well uh and I I I I I I I I I I I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of like like like like like like like like like like like you know like okay I mean well like I mean well well different things and we we we we we we we we we we we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like well you know I mean well so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know um I mean like well you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.