Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting announcement. I like uh so like um well like well uh um wanted to let let let let let let let let let let let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network well you know know know know know know know know know know know um okay I mean I mean like well I mean well front leg is a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you uh uh well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay okay well I mean know, I am both a reader reader reader reader reader reader reader reader reader reader reader of and author of romance fiction and like I mean um uh uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay okay Amelia. Well romance well romance well romance well romance well well well well well well well well well well well romance well romance well romance well romance well romance well romance well romance is is is is is is is is is is is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you know I mean uh okay like okay kinds of genre. Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um um um okay uh um value of self-care. So we're really excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be a part of this so um uh well like well so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts on okay you know um um well like uh I mean um um the the the the the the the the the the the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, books, books, books, books, books, books, books, books, books, books, uh uh um um well uh like uh I mean you know which is is is is is is is is is is is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so you know I mean so uh you know okay on on on on on on on on on on on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.