You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming um well okay um um uh um uh um I mean up today. And for for for for for for for for for for for me, I stress it that period in my life. I uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um um uh um I mean uh I mean bucked Authority. I can that that that that that that that that that that that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so okay like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh uh uh so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me me me me me me me me me me me and said, oh you well okay you know you know um well um okay well well well well well well well well well well well well should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking things. Um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um uh um um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh so. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this this this this this this this this this this this is doug. Well you know um you know well so okay you know well well. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a a a a a a a a a a a you know um I mean you know okay like I mean um well like like like like like like like like like like like series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New New New New New New New New New New New okay uh like well well I mean like um you know you know York City City City City City City City City City City City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um so um so um you know you know okay one of of of of of of of of of of of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB well like like like like like like like like like like like like well okay well okay uh um I mean ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.