Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dan and I'm going to read well so so um okay um uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so Psalm 16 today. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is another another another another another another another another another another another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the okay you know like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like like um like you know do I put my trust I have have have have have have have have have have have said unto the Lord Thou Art my okay so you know you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like okay I mean well Lord. I have no good be on on on on on on on on on on on thee as for the saints that are in the I mean uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean well you know earth. They are the excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows um uh so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um uh okay um shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for for for for for for for for for for for another God their drink offerings of blood. So uh so uh so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so okay so okay so um you know. I will I will I I I I I I I I I I I will I will I will I will I will I will I will I will will will will will will will will will will will I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord um so so okay um okay okay uh I mean like is the the the the the the the the the the the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my you know um um um um um um um um um um um um uh well I mean well you know well okay lat the Lines are Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh you know uh so uh you know Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who who who who who who who who who who who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.