Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This um um um um um um um um um um um this um this um this um this um this um this um this um um um um um um um um um um um this um this um this um well like well like um um you know know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. Show show show show show show show show show show. I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I I I I I I I I I I I do I do I do I do a you know so like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh like well few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping shaping shaping shaping shaping shaping shaping shaping shaping shaping shaping your behavior. Okay well uh okay you know uh well you know so so. I I I I I I I I I I I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote devote devote devote devote devote devote devote devote devote devote episodes uh um you know like um okay like um um I mean to answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like well like so uh so podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and and and and and and and and and and and reviews and ask me a question uh so uh so so well so you know um um um um um um um um um um um like by leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question question question question question question question question question question question I mean you know I mean like okay well okay I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for for for for for for for for for for for you know well okay um well you know like um um um more you you you you you you you you you you you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so um like well uh okay uh like usage that sticks by Janet Janet Janet Janet Janet Janet Janet Janet Janet Janet Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy you know uh um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like um okay habit takes repetition to stick but while the the the the the the the the the the the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.