This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is Mike my eighth time trying to start this this this this this this this this this this this because I just can't um okay so okay like well well well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give give give give give give give give give give give you so okay okay uh like well um like I mean well a a a a a a a a a a a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean you know okay um um I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no no no no no no no no no no no like um uh okay you know well so I mean well you know way shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so I mean I mean like uh um not famous. I'm just just just just just just just just just just just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill like so well okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay like uh um average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to to to to to to to to to to to figure out life. Yeah. So okay so so uh uh well um um um um um um um um um um um um um. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is a little Blum. I have I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like everybody that that's the so so you know okay I mean I mean so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR NPR NPR NPR NPR NPR NPR NPR NPR NPR NPR Podcast or something. They're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like famous it.