Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope you um okay well uh uh so like like you know I mean guys are are are are are are are are are are are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode um you know well um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know you know well um so starts. I just want to give give give give give give give give give give give a quick announcement. So the title of so like okay okay well well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean this podcast is called catch open me at the time time time time time time time time time time time that I started this podcast. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean uh well you know uh uh so. I thought you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well um you know well I mean uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um so well like well um recorded the past few episodes, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've noticed something I started to figure out what the like um uh like uh well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh theme of this podcast should be. So if you you you you you you you you you you you know notice a lot of the um uh uh uh like you know um um um um um um um um um um um okay so you know things that we covered from the past few episode is about about about about about about about about about about about mental health growing so uh you know so I mean so uh well well like up and and and and and and and and and and and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know I mean well so so so so um with that said the new new new new new new new new new new new title of the podcast will be basically okay uh uh like I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so uh well like growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of of of of of of of of of of of this podcast should be. You know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know so uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay well I mean so uh um. So basically so basically so basically so basically so so so so so so so so so so so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast so well well well well well well well well well well well um okay you know okay um uh so like and basically having them share what they think think think think think think think think think think think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.