What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast body are um so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so so you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All All All All All All All All All All All right. What do you uh I mean uh like okay I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like like uh want to talk about today? We got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got a a a a a a a a a a a breakdown. I know there's not much stock so uh I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like well okay so um so boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but but but but but but but but but but but cardiac / comeback like uh okay okay you know uh um okay so like like like like like like like like like like like kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I okay, I I I I I I I I I I I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, I believe off the well uh like okay um so uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were well you you you you you you you you you you you know so um so I mean you know I mean uh uh talking about house like like like like like like like like like like like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh so like um okay I mean uh in. Yep. And then I think you you you you you you you you you you you were to it's like when fully back on uh I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well I mean like um so board is fully back with the the the the the the the the the the the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I okay uh um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay so well well was like, I'm not I'm not falling for for for for for for for for for for for it. I've been hurt too um I mean I mean okay like okay um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast we switched but I well you know okay um um I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. Back back back back back back back back back back. You're fully back. Well uh okay like well uh so well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that that that that that that that that that that that Columbus game. Got like um like you know I mean you know um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.