all you all you all you all you all you all you all you you you you you you you you you you you all you all you all you all you have to know today is is is is is is is is is is is that you have everything that you need um okay so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh uh I mean to get to the other side of today everything that that that that that that that that that that that has happened up till now okay okay like well well well so like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know so um okay I mean um um okay will get get get get get get get get get get get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have um uh um um um um um um um um um um um so so um you know I mean so like got this so 2% back yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself and know that today is your day. This is your okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean like I mean everyday positivity. My name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay uh okay uh you know like well well with you tomorrow with another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. Okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like okay like I mean well uh okay okay um so uh. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. You got you got you got you got you got you got you got got got got got got got got got got got you got you got you got you got this everyday positivity is a volley volley volley volley volley volley volley volley volley volley volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please well okay well so so you know so like like like like like like like like like like like well okay take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.