If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa kelly. Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly. Welcome. Thank well well uh well like okay uh I mean okay um you. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so happy been Hell. She's a she's a she's a she's a she's a a a a a a a a a a a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist a host and author like like like well okay I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident resident resident resident resident resident resident resident resident resident resident astrologer uh okay uh well you know I mean so so um well of of of of of of of of of of of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written she's written she's written she's written she's written she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's written she's written she's written she's written she's written she's written two books working on on on on on on on on on on on a third. She's basically like the so like so okay okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if if if if if if if if if if if I'm gonna bring you guys uh um you know you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean so uh some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope dope dope dope dope dope dope dope dope dope dope lady fire you can ever um uh uh uh so you know well you you you you you you you you you you you know um like have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I I I I I I I I I I I just so okay okay well I mean so okay like um um was on she she she she she she she she she she she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She so so so so so so so so so so so she so she so she so she so she so she so she so so so so so so so so so so so she so she so she so you know like I mean okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um so well well just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.