Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The you you you you you you you you you you you know um you know um you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas retaining you know um I mean well so like I mean I mean so okay the information that that that that that that that that that that that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well um um so attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. There there there there there there there there there there. I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach Craig okay uh uh okay um like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well so Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to to to to to to to to to to to be talking about soul mates. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well okay like okay um. So some of you guys out out out out out out out out out out out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so so okay so like I mean um of you guys have have have have have have have have have have have this idea of like a twin flame some of okay so uh well well you you you you you you you you you you you know um so like so you don't but today we're going to look at at at at at at at at at at at soul mates and Margaret and so uh um I mean so so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.