Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything to do with self-discovery you know you know like well okay well um you know know know know know know know know know know know um uh self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series series series series series series series series series series series were a uh like um I mean uh you know I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their their their their their their their their their their their families. Um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um um um so um so um so um so um so um okay um you you you you you you you you you you you know so so so uh. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure that you stay tuned and uh so uh like like you know like so well well well well well well well well well well well uh follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of of of of of of of of of of of the uh I mean you know like okay um like okay okay okay end end end end end end end end end end end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will we will we will we will we we we we we we we we we we we will we will we will we will we will we will we will behold posting posting posting posting posting posting posting posting posting posting posting every week. So if you so you know okay um like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean um uh miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always always always always always always always always always always always come back. So make so make so make so make so make so so so so so so so so so so so make so make so make so make so make so make well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so um you know uh like sure that you subscribe that that that that that that that that that that that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know well um um you know so well so anyone who has a need need need need need need need need need need need to listen send it to them and I'll be more so like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay so okay I mean so than happy to send you you you you you you you you you you you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into uh like you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay so okay like I mean the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.