Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on on on on on on on on on on top so um like well okay well you know like like okay and Blake all all all all all all all all all all all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh um well well okay like I mean that we've been talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has like um you you you you you you you you you you you know um okay so okay um I mean I mean smelt a long story short may may may may may may may may may may may not going to be in touch for a while um you know like well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know like okay so uh and I made not for sample cups of of of of of of of of of of of coffee on the lisburn road and I mean uh like so okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help help help help help help help help help help help a uh um so okay so like uh I mean like okay few older. So this this this this this this this this this this this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. Well well okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um like okay um. And if we can help at least least least least least least least least least least least one other person as a byproduct of our well okay well I mean like uh you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay uh conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a a a a a a a a a a a very valuable form okay like so you know I mean well so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so to do. So, so so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so so so so so so so so so so so so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so first of all, we're just going going going going going going going going going going going to basically introduce ourselves so uh you know well well well like so well well well well well well well well well well well like like you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened to well like I mean you know um I mean I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like and then down the line move very much want to delve into some some some some some some some some some some some of those I mean uh so so well like so well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my my my my my my my my my my my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.