Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more more more more more more voices in uh you know um well okay I mean uh like okay like the the the the the the the the the the the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the like well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean so like you know I mean like well Traditions passed down to to to to to to to to to to to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing unfolding before before before before before before before before before before before our eyes. There you know you know well um uh you know so well um um um um um um um um um um um so are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to to to to to to to to to to to start a um I mean well well I mean like um uh so so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you haven't heard so like uh well okay so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's okay like um I mean you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay so free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from well okay I mean I mean like I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so like uh your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So So it can so um well okay I mean I mean like like so I mean be be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well okay like um like you know uh um money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know okay okay so well I mean I mean uh in in in in in in in in in in in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or well well well well well well well well well well well so uh I mean uh I mean like okay so I mean go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.