Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and and and and and and and and and and and introduce like you know like uh so okay like you know like like our name? Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for um um um um um um um um um um um um well like well I mean uh I mean like um the bag. And the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's like uh um um uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean well okay pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we we we we we we we we we we we got the bags of uh like so well you know well like okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the the the the the the the the the the the obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the end end end end end end end end end end end goal is to make money so um well so I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean okay off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. This this this this this this this this this this. I'm doing this for well you know like you know like so uh like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy with my you know well well uh okay okay okay so well okay voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it for I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well um you know okay I mean um um okay I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Um you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay uh okay I mean okay so you know. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.