If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me so you know well um uh um um uh okay so explain it's free. Free free free free free free free free free free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right so I mean so so I mean okay um okay like um um um um um um um um um um um from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So So it well like I mean so uh so so so uh you know can can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from from from from from from from from from from from uh well uh well like okay uh so well I mean your podcast with with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast well well well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean um you know I mean okay well in one place. Place place place place place place place place place place. Download the download the download the download the download the download the download download download download download download download download download download download the download the download the download the download the free anchor app or go to incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred incurred on like uh uh like I mean um like so um you know know know know know know know know know know know FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on on on on on on on on on on on health so I mean well well uh well so uh like you know and and and and and and and and and and and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management physician uh okay I mean you know you know um okay um well well well well well well well well well well well well with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this this this this this this this this this this this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.