If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let so well so you know you know well okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and and edit your you know I mean okay so um okay so well well you you you you you you you you you you you know podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So I mean okay okay well well well uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can can can uh um you know you know um uh okay you know you know well make make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need need need need need need need need need need need okay you know uh well uh so um you know so okay to make make make make make make make make make make make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the um um um um um um um um um um um so like well well like like uh um so FM to get started. Hi, this is is is is is is is is is is is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. Like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like uh okay I mean you know uh I mean. I'm so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means um um um um um um um um um um um so so like like okay like uh so like wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just well so okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so I mean um okay about how much money you have in your your your your your your your your your your your bank account. It's about establishing well um uh okay like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know so Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.