Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to our latest episode. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Vivian. One of one of one of one of one of one of one one one one one one one one one one one of one of one of one of one of the co-hosts of I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know like um uh uh I mean the pulse podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today. We have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief like um well um uh um well okay so so Operating Officer of Haven and chief strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know like well well I mean you know well well purpose is to capture capture capture capture capture capture capture capture capture capture capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like so so okay well well okay um across the Healthcare Community. We are are are are are are are are are are are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is well okay I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um well you know okay a senior operating leader with over two decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades of experience applying technology data science people I mean you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know okay so uh okay and design thinking seeking to to to to to to to to to to to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an uh well you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean uh uh so impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give give give give give give give give give give give us a brief summary of like okay well okay okay well you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh um your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions you made along so so well I mean you know so um um you know know know know know know know know know know know well your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.