Well, good well, good well, good well, good well, good well, good well, good well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, good well, good well, good well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with with with with with with with with with with with my channel Festival selections. Um uh uh uh you know you know uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean. We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um like like so uh uh so so of the meeting is a a a a a a a a a a a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five um I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know I mean well like I mean okay to two Astro and and and and and and and and and and and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've like um okay well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know so like so uh got my pick a last 25 to 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race you know um you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um you know like uh with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him him him him him him him him him him him on the day. Two main Market while I mean I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well I mean um you know I was issued in in in in in in in in in in in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because well um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean well um so so like I mean they've got probably the best form form form form form form form form form form form of all the horses in the race. So okay you know um you know so like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean um. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans loans loans loans loans loans loans loans loans loans loans and being well okay okay um I mean you know um okay okay uh free free free free free free free free free free free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one one one one one one one one one one one um you know I mean I mean I mean so so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know um in a bump of him. I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone without a a a a a a a a a a a heart he is a two-time winner over like I mean um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like well hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.