Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown from well uh so you know uh okay I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of kentucky. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well um okay okay like uh so uh you know well. She was found on her her her her her her her her her her her college campus strangled to death with her uh okay um uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um I mean like own bra one man confessed to the crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime but was never convicted what really you know okay like I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh okay so happened to Betty Gale Brown that night to hear more more more more more more more more more more more episodes like this follow unsolved murders I mean well okay um uh like uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh so free on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to due to to to to to to to to to to to due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due due due due to due to due to the graphic nature of this well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so well like well uh uh murder case listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of okay well um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so okay uh like murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution okay um so like you know okay um uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean for children under 13. On an on an on an on an on an an an an an an an an an an an on an on an on an on an on an on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.