Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta you you you you you you you you you you you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta tell I mean I mean you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um I mean okay like that devil who you are today. I I I I I I I I I I I woke I woke I woke I woke I woke I woke I woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke I woke I woke I woke I woke up and I told the devil who I I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so well like well well I mean like so am in christ. Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of like you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you know um well well all principality and power. I am alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive in Christ. I am free from the uh well you know um so um um um um um um um um um um um okay um um well law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and and and and and and and and and and and the enemy cannot come near you know well uh like I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well like well okay me. I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am born of God and and and and and and and and and and and the evil one cannot touch me. Okay I mean you know you know like well um like like like like like like like like like like like like like. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right right right right right right right right right right right standing with well you know uh I mean like so like um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay the father. I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have the mind of Christ. I I I I I I I I I I I have the peace of I mean well okay you know um so you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean uh God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that that that that that that that that that that that is in me than he that you know so well like uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean so um is in the world. I have received the power power power power power power power power power power power of the Holy Spirit. I have well like okay okay so well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well put up the old and put on the new I have been given given given given given given given given given given given and uh um well I mean um uh okay uh so uh it's been been been been been been been been been been been given to me. I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have no lack for for for for for for for for for for for my God shall supply all uh well okay like so uh uh okay so um um um um um um um um um um um my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.