Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy hot like I mean so like um okay so you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it well, it it it it it it it it it it it well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, it well, it well, it has to start with you know so like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know um um I mean I mean the club because because because because because because because because because because because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know soups. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh you know um I mean so so well like um well. Given this this this this this this this this this this this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit. My name like like like like like like like like like like like um you know so like uh uh so you know well is radhika and and and and and and and and and and and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests. Okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh well okay so so um. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so so so so so so so so so so so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy. I would um okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so uh well like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. Headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones. All right. Yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so so so so so so so so so so so yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so we I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh so I mean so have strong on he is a a a a a a a a a a a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board well you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well okay you know well you know with us and now he lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.