All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening well I mean you know okay so you know so well uh well to to to to to to to to to to to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in in in in in in in in in in in mind. So so so like you know uh you know okay okay you know. Know know know know know know know know know know. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right. Right right right right right right right right right right. So like so well I mean uh well so okay you know um let's do do do do do do do do do do do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John. Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon like um okay you know I mean so uh well like I mean was a real real real real real real real real real real real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, I like so well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean well um well you know do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All All All All All All All All All All All right. I'm Carlos and I you know I mean uh I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um play drums. And I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I I I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's okay I mean um uh well uh well um I mean you know let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know okay uh okay like like so um guys so this this this this this this this this this this this will be fun. It might it might it might it might it might it might might might might might might might might might might might it might it might it might it might it might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.