Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we we are from Tata Institute okay so um you know okay uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go go go go go go go go go go go to you know like I mean you know so like uh uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus from um uh well like uh uh okay I mean like so current social concerns to to to to to to to to to to to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan well okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay okay so well on conducting interviews with guests from both within and and and and and and and and and and and outside of our campus. We also like um you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well like well you know plan on having discussions and debates debates debates debates debates debates debates debates debates debates debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know okay um so so I mean our listeners as well. We will be be be be be be be be be be be having fun contest for our listeners as well as um I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know um I mean uh you know a few surprise segments. Segments segments segments segments segments segments segments segments segments segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like um like so so like okay like with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Um you know uh um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh like well. Wide range of topics we have something for our our our our our our our our our our our listeners as well. We will be well well um like okay I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean having fun contest for our listeners as well as as as as as as as as as as as a few surprise segments. I hope okay like so you know okay um so so so so so so so so so so so so like uh all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.