What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh I mean uh you know so well okay so Adam. I I I I I I I I I I I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um like you know um so and welcome to anybody who is is is is is is is is is is is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm so so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know so I mean you know going to be doing something something something something something something something something something something something a little bit different I am going so uh like like um well so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean I mean well I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And And And And And And And And And And And so and so and so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and and and and so and so and so and so I just wanted to kind okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um so okay okay okay uh of film and put together. Kind of making making making making making making making making making making making it I guess is the best way you know um uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh well you know um to put it I mean so I've been looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking into like I've talked about like uh okay so like um like uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am am am am am am am am am am am a big okay um okay you know I mean you know um you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not so not so not not not not not not not not not not not so not so not so not so not so not so not so not not not not not not not not not not not so not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones so well well um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well so uh like with the RC logo. So I was putting together together together together together together together together together together together some statistics with the well like uh I mean okay well so like so so so so so so so so so so so okay PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well so okay you know like well okay so basically what I got, so so so so so so so so so so so like I was looking at like players basically I use I mean uh well um um um um um um um um um um um well um okay you know uh you know trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.