Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um okay uh so like well you know like our lesson on English to to to to to to to to to to to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor um you know so like like like like like like like like like like like like so so so like uh is actually the tool. I am using to produce this this this this this this this this this this this podcast for you. So if you well you know I mean okay uh like um um um um um um um um um um um like uh so are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean well I mean um you know I mean well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean like you know um okay okay um like and record and edit. Edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor like you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so like you know distributes your podcast for you. So I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have to track down apple and Spotify and well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well well like well um well like Google anything it does that all automatically for for for for for for for for for for for me. I just I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just kind of click so like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh like you know like you know I mean the button and it it it it it it it it it it it goes all by itself. You can make money from uh well uh well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know like like these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right right right right right right right right right right right now is an ad that um well well okay you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh I've written for them so that I can can can can can can can can can can can make a little bit of money off of um like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean you know okay like like this podcast. That's why that's why that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's why that's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.