Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny england. England England England England England England England England England England. Join well so okay like like well like so I mean so us as as as as as as as as as as as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab your D6 okay well well well well well well well well well well well like um I mean well so so like you know and get ready for the the the the the the the the the the the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My name is you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well I mean okay um well you know uh Dan. And today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry to I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so like you know talk about Battletoads. How are you you you you you you you you you you you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. So so well so so so like like like like like like like like like like like well you know like. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to to to to to to to to to to to podcasts so well so well you know uh like um uh well so is it it it it it it it it it it it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should well you you you you you you you you you you you know um like okay um so okay I mean okay turn to be be be be be be be be be be be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at uh you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so I mean like you know okay I mean you know times to to to to to to to to to to to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well so uh okay um Full Effect one more in gram gram gram gram gram gram gram gram gram gram gram or it cram more of me in right? So well okay um so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know okay um what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.