This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain McClain McClain McClain McClain McClain McClain McClain McClain McClain McClain streaming live on um you know you know so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so um YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money money money money money money money money money money money live. I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave so I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean I mean okay Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going going going going going going going going going going going to be joining us soon okay you know okay well like so well so so so so so so so so so so so so uh and look who just popped on. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it um uh um you know well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um uh uh going? Good, glad you could join us. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're all doing this this special broadcast. We um well uh uh uh well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to to to to to to to to to to to talk about Robin well you know well well so uh so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know so Hood. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a company that Chris Jordan and I I I I I I I I I I I are all investors in not as uh uh well uh you know okay okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean users of the company, but we're actual investors investors investors investors investors investors investors investors investors investors investors in the series a shares of Robin I mean okay well um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of changed okay uh okay I mean so um uh um okay so the rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.