Well, either well, either well, either well, either well, either well, either well, either either either either either either either either either either either well, either well, either well, either well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been been been been been been been been been been been here to introduce this flash episode of Tales so like uh you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like so um from the Crypt sat down with our good good good good good good good good good good good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about like um uh um I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well uh well um the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that that that that that that that that that that that are bullish for okay like well okay okay like so um you know well well well well well well well well well well well Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally you know know know know know know know know know know know um so like okay okay you know uh so I mean with the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um so um well so like like so always bullish bullish as as as as as as as as as as as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh like okay uh you know you know um like you by the cash cash cash cash cash cash cash cash cash cash cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had so so so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well um okay well a friend reach out to me the yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. You know so like uh okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like well um I mean. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download like uh uh like okay well well well well well well well well well well well well so so okay that what was it the cash yet? That's what that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what that's what I said. It's the easiest you know okay so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know like you know way to buy Bitcoin. He had to to to to to to to to to to to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday uh um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh okay um you know um did a little video on my cell phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone showing them how to buy bitcoin. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean um okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh like uh I mean okay. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.