I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk I mean um well okay I mean well well well so uh now ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on um so so so so so so so so so so so um uh um like uh you know so uh AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here I mean well okay uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay you know so to talk about this episode. We love we love love love love love love love love love love love we love we love we love we love we love we love we love we we we we we we we we we we we love we love we love our audience and we will so okay okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay okay um give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz tv. TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV. She quickly at this is yall's like um okay um uh like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know like first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here here here here here here here here here here here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is well okay like um like well like so like like like like like like like like like like like so an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And And And And And And And And And And And this and this and this and this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this is well um like okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh so uh so of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated moderated by me. I should say um uh okay like so you know like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean like said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded I'm surrounded I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm surrounded I'm surrounded I'm surrounded I'm surrounded I'm surrounded I'm surrounded I'm surrounded I'm surrounded surrounded surrounded surrounded surrounded surrounded surrounded surrounded surrounded surrounded surrounded I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean like I mean like I mean okay okay. Only Only Only Only Only Only Only Only Only Only Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan like like well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know you know um uh I mean like and a host here at the the the the the the the the the the the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like so I mean well well you know be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.