Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will will will will will will will will will will will discuss like so well well you know uh um okay well uh Florida's loss at at at at at at at at at at at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know so you know you know I mean well and 11 ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean like um okay um you know lone senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be like um um um um um um um um um um um uh well okay so you know I mean okay so the last game for Dante pass it it it it it it it it it it it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors like like I mean so so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh I mean um High honors, I think in In the spring which which which which which which which which which which which is fantastic really happy for like I mean um uh uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know him or take some listener questions. It's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy um I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like so uh so it. You know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you you you you know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay okay you know okay you know um well well uh okay. This is March. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now we're now we're now we're now we're now we're now we're now we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're now we're now we're now we're now we're from this week's sponsor for the the the the the the the the the the the basketball. Our this week like you know I mean okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean I mean like is brought to you by anchor that's the the the the the the the the the the the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.