Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start start start start start start start brushing on like okay um well you know you know you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around around around around around around around around around around around each okay I mean I mean like uh um you know okay okay like like like like like like like like like like like T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of a a a a a a a a a a a you know um um like you know well well you know you know so heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like um like so uh so like be treated fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay like well so um I mean so um grew up in California and a a a a a a a a a a a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked well um uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know so okay like on a farm helping to pick the fruits and and and and and and and and and and and vegetables. Their family their family their family their family their family their family their their their their their their their their their their their family their family their family their family their family didn't have like well you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um well well well I mean so much money, but Dolores was a a a a a a a a a a a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know um I mean I mean well okay teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.