Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little little little little little little little little idea how you know like you know like okay well so so well so we we we we we we we we we we we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean like I mean uh uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. Platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean so uh like so like I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay like. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or you know well I mean uh like like so so so so so so so so so so so so um so a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app uh so um like well so um um well okay to get get get get get get get get get get get started. This segment this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment this this this this this this this this this this this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment is brought to you by by by by by by by by by by by jig Master jigs when in doubt um well uh you know so okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Code code code code code code code code code code. Pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 um I mean well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean uh I mean um uh and save 20 percent off your next next next next next next next next next next next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.