So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of of of of of of of of of of of you know you know well okay I mean okay you know um uh um all, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay um um well like okay so um anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you you you you you you you you you you you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Well I well I well I well well well well well well well well well well well I well I well I well I well I well I well I I I I I I I I I I I well I mean um uh I mean I mean uh um well like. Okay. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to okay like um so so so so so so so so so so so so um well uh well I mean fucking kill you because I was was was was was was was was was was was looking in the news. Out of the day uh I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um so uh well well that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. Doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to so uh you know know know know know know know know know know know so so okay like I mean I mean uh prove the Earth is flat. He He He He He He He He He He He said he spent his days for $18,000 making like you know so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know okay like um a rocket. He said he said he said said said said said said said said said said said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said said said said said said said said said said said he said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went um well well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um okay so so so off of it. Like here's the rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket rocket the pair she fell out class as we could I mean well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like like I mean uh um so have been a fucking idiot. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 well like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so uh um well you know built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like like like like like like like like like like like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.