Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well you know um you know uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first first first first first first first first first first first shot. Like well um uh I mean okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well you know. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're right, you're right, you're right, except it's like like I mean well so okay well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it it it it it it it it it it it live to neck live to okay well uh uh like like um okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be a a a a a a a a a a a train wreck. It you know okay I mean you know so so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well may be like if it is we're just gonna go with the flow. Flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow. That's like um you know well you know you know like so like like like like like like like like like like like like us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm just saying go with with with with with with with with with with with the so okay okay um you know okay so uh okay okay flow of of of of of of of of of of of things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey you you you you you you you you you you you hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey you hey you hey you know so okay okay you know like so I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? Olivia Olivia Olivia Olivia Olivia Olivia Olivia Olivia Olivia Olivia What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going on Oliveira.