It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be be be be be be be be be be be well okay um I mean um like okay so well um telling you about about about about about about about about about about about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the best app app app app app app app app app app app uh um so well okay uh so okay uh like to use for any any any any any any any any any any any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can use use use use use use use use use use use your uh um okay uh uh like you know um so well phone computer or any any any any any any any any any any any other device to record it. And once you so okay I mean okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay so you know post the podcast, it doesn't just go on on on on on on on on on on on acre. They post it on Spotify well so like uh um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well I mean to get your podcast more exposure and to help you out out out out out out out out out out out in my opinion. Anchor okay like like okay like you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh has everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to to to to to to to to to to to create. I mean like like like I mean you know well like well you you you you you you you you you you you know. Any type of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't know how many episodes uh well okay so like okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh uh I mean I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet you meet who? Yeah, so I mean you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean you know I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk okay okay uh uh uh well you know well well well well well well well well well well well like well about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the the the the the the the the the the the so like well you know like like like uh so okay best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.