A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean so I mean well so I mean I mean creating your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use use use use use use use use use use use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor anchor is is is is is is is is is is is your One Stop uh so uh uh like um so uh um I mean Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh well uh so well like well okay edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast um well um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh well okay I mean well to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it it it it it it it it it it it gives you an opportunity to monetize well like um I mean like well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um so your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get get get get get get get get get get get into download the free I mean so uh you know well uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Started started started started started started started started started started. Hey, welcome back. So been okay you know well well like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um uh um a couple days since I did my last podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast as well as my last, you like so like like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean okay so I mean know update on this kind of coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that uh I mean okay like like um um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know you know that's you know, this this this this this this this this this this this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, so okay so I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know uh you know you know, coronavirus Central and it has been been been been been been been been been been been that way since you know, January um well uh like um um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and and and and and and and and and and and so and for um okay like okay you know uh I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.