Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so uh um you know uh uh I mean okay. Maggie perry. Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know uh so um okay well um also the founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like well you know like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us um you know I mean okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that that that that that that that that that that that reveal helpful well so uh well uh okay like I mean well like techniques for for for for for for for for for for for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what um so like like like like like like like like like like like uh so I mean well you know okay I mean effective therapy looks like like like like like like like like like like like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as um well um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay okay like so they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still uh um I mean like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay well so you know live a rich full and meaningful life with with with with with with with with with with with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find like so um so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well okay and reinforce what clients do well to help them them them them them them them them them them them generalize those skills towards areas okay well you know uh you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well uh where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed summed summed summed summed summed summed summed summed summed summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.