Sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as a parent you just have have have have have have have have have have have to be ridiculous one of the I mean well I mean so um um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well um things well, there's many things but one of the the the the the the the the the the the one of them that bothers me I mean um um well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well well like I mean that the kids do would be standing or walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking on the couch. There's six there's six there's six there's six there's six there's six six six six six six six six six six six there's six there's six there's six there's six there's six of like so so so so so so so so so so so you know um well uh uh so you know well us in this household and and and and and and and and and and and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a like like like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know you know so like like okay couch not walk on it not not not not not not not not not not not run on it now jump on it um I mean okay um um you you you you you you you you you you you know uh well um well and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on on on on on on on on on on on it. It's for sitting that's I mean I mean well uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so you know it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not not not not not not not not not not not supposed so uh you know um like you know um I mean so so to but they they they they they they they they they they they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the um so so so so so so so so so so so you know um I mean so I mean uh so like couch, but when you you you you you you you you you you you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. Okay uh okay uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um uh um well so uh. I'll tell I'll tell I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.