Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with with with with with with with with with us so you know I mean um so well uh well well okay again. Again again again again again again again again again again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this you you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay um so like uh so you know like ourselves in a minute, minute, minute, minute, minute, minute, minute, minute, minute, minute, minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've uh uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean okay well I mean okay been at this for a year. Year year year year year year year year year year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Uh okay like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so you know so you know. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need need need need need need need need need need need the fact Checkers out there to correct like so you know so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh okay okay us, you know, occasionally we do say say say say say say say say say say say things that are not correct often speak for uh you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well okay I mean so like yourself. Awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we we we we we we we we we we we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, we awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just like like like like like like like like like like like so okay like I mean okay I mean um um like has because we do do do do do do do do do do do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come I mean uh like so so so so so so so so so so so you know well like so I mean like from wherever we are and we we we we we we we we we we we sit down and and I think most of well okay um I mean okay well like like like like like like like like like like like so okay uh the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us from someplace else. Never okay uh uh like like well like you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad you um you know like like like you know well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.