Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the the the the the the the the the the the podcast that I that well I mean um you know I mean uh like um um um um um um um um um um um like uh I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how how how how how how how how how how how you doing? I'm uh okay I mean uh uh uh so uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 march. March March March March March March March March March March. Oh, like like okay uh um um like like like well you know, it it it it it it it it it it it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really okay like well uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you know like uh stupid because I had to ask you you you you you you you you you you you a question about leap year. What did you okay okay well so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like um um ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I I I I I I I I I I I Grew up with like you know I mean um you know um like I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had had had had had had had had had had had his you know okay like so uh you know um well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well like uh well well so I mean so that's interesting and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are okay you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh so you know um you know so okay never thought wow could've fooled me. Me me me me me me me me me me. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I apparently they celebrate it on the the the the the the the the the the the 28th um okay like um um like you know okay so okay or today. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. Okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh uh you know um so. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.