What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is she'll be your host uh so so like you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like you know and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips tips and tools you uh you know okay so I mean okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy and manifest your dream well uh okay um so well you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know like life. So you're ready. Let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn this baby up. So I want to like uh like um uh like you you you you you you you you you you you know so so so fill you in on one of my key marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing strategies that has worked um uh well well I mean okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay really effectively over the past year. And that is using using using using using using using using using using using this podcast as a well um well okay um I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so platform to share my message to connect with more like-minded like-minded like-minded like-minded like-minded like-minded like-minded like-minded like-minded like-minded like-minded human beings and uh okay so uh you know you know um I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean really to bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing um um um um um um um um um um um uh like um you know well okay well you know so way to share. Share share share share share share share share share share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There There There There There There There There There There There are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are so many people who are using podcast. I.