Well, good morning. It's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake was so here again again again again again again again again again again again back with my channel Festival like you know so um uh okay like well well well well well well well well well well well well um selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with with with with with with with with with with with grade 1 I mean um okay like so so uh well you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've currently got well okay okay uh you know you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or or or or or or or or or or or evil our home so uh uh well well uh um uh like well at 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still okay like well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean you know okay uh uh like listed and seven to one one one one one one one one one one one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To you to you to you to to to to to to to to to to to you to you to you to you to you to you to you to you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean so so so well uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band band band band band band band band band band band uh like you know I mean well you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank tank for teens I mean you know um I mean like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so um melons 16 and so on so forth. Forth forth forth forth forth forth forth forth forth forth. I think it's not really a race. Like um um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean I mean well like. I've looked into much myself personally as as as as as as as as as as as in going for a horse to well well well I mean so you know you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like you know the back, but if I was going to to to to to to to to to to to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this so this so this so this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.