What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So So So So So So So So So so um like I mean um you know so well so well I made a a a a a a a a a a a post the other day about the you know, I even like like like like like like like like like like like like so uh you know I mean I mean so you know so made a a a a a a a a a a a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now okay well okay well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like I mean well like uh from here maybe but about you you you you you you you you you you you know, your gym not being the best our um you know okay um like like like like like like like like like like like um um uh I mean um today, you know, I think it should be be be be be be be be be be be more of a pillar of so you know like well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh like the schedule and I made this Instagram post and I I I I I I I I I I I dropped it in a couple of um okay you know um you know um um um um um um um um um um um well um I mean I mean Philly at owners groups. And anyway, and anyway, and and and and and and and and and and and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, and anyway, and anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh well well okay okay um was mixed and one individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe I believe I believe I believe I I I I I I I I I I I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean okay uh okay um you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. Up up up up up up up up up up. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, like like uh so like well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh like uh he shot me a DM and you just like bro. Bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't agree. I like you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well so so like so uh well think this argument is pointless. Pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both okay so um um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean uh um uh so like and he just didn't agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree agree with it which was but he reached um like like like you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh like out to me and show me a DM and I do what I I I I I I I I I I I typically uh well okay well I mean like well um like you know do when when when when when when when when when when when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you know know know know know know know know know know know okay well you know you know okay uh I mean like well you know know know know know know know know know know know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and and and and and and and and and and and the guy, you know uh I mean um so you know like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.