Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. Late late late late late late late late late late. I okay um okay so okay uh uh like so um was supposed to to to to to to to to to to to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New okay uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean I mean well I mean I mean Orleans my hometown and and and and and and and and and and and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot uh you know so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean um okay um well of stuff going on and and and and and and and and and and and I could have recorded like the days after but I had um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like like you know you know like so much shit like a a a a a a a a a a a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear um so you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay you know okay like I mean I have errands to run I I I I I I I I I I I was linking with people that I see in a okay I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like so okay you know uh okay okay while. Basically, I really didn't have time and and and and and and and and and and and then I'm staying in New Orleans and uh like so okay um well okay so so so so so so so so so so so like um my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it it it it it it it it it it it be um so I mean so um you know well uh well like loud like like like like like like like like like like like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay you know you know uh you know so like like one's here right right right right right right right right right right right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know uh well so so okay like somebody try to come come come come come come come come come come come get back. So hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.