If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to to make a I mean I mean you know like um okay okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put put put put put put put put put put put well well well uh like you know well uh like so any money up up up up up up up up up up up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty um I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know well like I mean uh uh big deal. There are creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast um you know like I mean so so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so right from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend well uh uh I mean I mean um um uh you know I mean a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like so like well like okay your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many uh well well um okay okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so um okay more and the best part you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no like um well so okay well um um uh so so so so so so so so so so so minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the the the the the the the the the the the okay uh uh so you know you know like um like okay free anchor app app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started like you know know know know know know know know know know know like I mean I mean you know uh well you know um reads ranches ranches ranches ranches ranches ranches ranches ranches ranches ranches ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself find yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find find find find find find find find find find find yourself find yourself needing a you know I mean uh okay uh okay well so so so so so so so so so so so well like lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you you you you you you you you you you you need a personal injury uh well well uh well you know like uh like so so so so so so so so so so so lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.