Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got we we we we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we we we we we we we we we we we got we got we got a great show I mean uh like okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay I mean for you guys today Beauty right boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. Well okay well okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay so like okay like. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the the the the the the the the the the the Savage on this okay so well like okay well um so like so chord? chord chord chord chord chord chord chord chord chord chord That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh you know you know well so you know okay you know update two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say uh uh um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like you know uh okay we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's still we're almost at five uh I mean okay well okay okay okay well like like like like like like like like like like like uh dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go to uh uh well well um well okay you know like um the dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's really awesome. Awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. We can buy a uh uh so so uh well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those those those those those those those those those those those not like so well uh I mean um I mean okay well like uh a a a a a a a a a a a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like you know okay so uh okay Takin darts at a dart for for for for for for for for for for for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So well so well so well so well well well well well well well well well well well so well so well so well so well so well so well so well um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean well uh so you know you know you know this is the most most most most most most most most most most most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool okay I mean like so like well you know okay you know uh five five five five five five five five five five five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.