What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is is is is what is what is what is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys are tuned into I mean well uh uh you know I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much much much much much much much much much much much for tuning in you know okay um so okay um um well like okay and and and and and and and and and and and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh um I mean you know uh uh um so so much much much much much much much much much much much for tuning in again. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is is the first episode of in the woods with I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um I mean so um I mean like EDSA. So bear with us and we plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan to get better at each one of uh like well okay okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know these that we do we also plan to have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of different different guest um well like um uh so like like you know so so so so so so so so so so so on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are are are are are are are are are are are going well you know like so uh uh so so I mean okay to be going going going going going going going going going going going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my my my my my my my my my my my like so um like so so so so um okay very own younger, brother. Brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.