What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua well I I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean well like well you know I mean um Smith for for for for for for for for for for for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle well well well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like so you know uh like up because we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like um okay so okay well the inaugural episode of break break break break break break break break break break break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're okay so like like well well well well well well well well well well well like okay well you know you know going to talk about Joe sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates like well so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh you know you know well are falling in line because they're wussies after after after after after after after after after after after that. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I I I I I I I I I I I thought I thought I thought I thought it was Right that we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk uh um well um like so um I mean um so about the significance of of of of of of of of of of of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to so uh so uh well well well well well well well well well well well um like so um I mean end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries primaries primaries primaries primaries primaries primaries primaries primaries primaries primaries and how Libertarians all just well um you know you know you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so you know lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever anything that you want to hear you know I mean well so well so well well well well well well well well well well well well uh um on an episode of break the cycle. Please message please message please please please please please please please please please please please message please message please message please message please message please message please message please please please please please please please please please please please message please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.