You're right. It makes it makes it makes it makes it makes it makes it it it it it it it it it it it makes it makes it makes it makes it makes you happy every time every time time time time time time time time time time time it goes on. It's just like okay so like okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know so uh I don't know what it is. Like the power power power power power power power power power power power of music is a real real thing. You okay so uh um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never never never never never never never never never never never met a lot of the like you know well like um uh okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know three babies we have he is the one he is the the the the the the the the the the the one that loves you know I mean I mean well so well um um um um um um um um um um um so okay so music so much he will walk by the what is that that that that that that that that that that that and home pod? And you and you and you and you and you and you you you you you you you you you you you and you and you and you and you and you know so okay like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean uh well okay well he will point to it. I'll pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. Okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like okay I mean like okay okay. It'll play he'll smile held held held held held held held held held held held down. He loves music. He loved music so much to I mean okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know you know well uh um the point where if he can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't touch it like he will start screaming until he like well like like I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay I mean okay does the reason why we're talking about this as like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, I was kind of in so you know you know like so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to record uh so you know like so uh like you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's well, he's well, he's well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, he's well, he's well, he's well, he's well, he's well, he's well, he's well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, he's like are you a little upset? you know so so so uh well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well so So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.