Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central um um um um um um um um um um um so well okay so I mean so you know uh well and your host for everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything Central my guest. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode will be seniors who I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um you know okay I mean like uh okay uh were recently honored for earning earning earning earning earning earning earning earning earning earning earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum um um um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh like laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out out out out out out out out out out out of approximately so you know you know okay uh uh so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like so okay you know uh so well so okay well. We have we have have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Wilson and George burchfield. You know okay like uh well I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for being with us today today today today today today today today today today today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your um like so um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um you know okay okay name and the activities you've been involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved like like well uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay like like with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and and and and and and and and and and and basketball. I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know you know okay I mean you know uh okay okay lots of of of of of of of of of of of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.