Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a a a a a a a a a a a wildflower like well okay uh um you know um I mean so like here. Here here here here here here here here here here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons and stories well you know you know um okay well I mean so uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab your um um um um um um um um um um um okay uh uh I mean so like you know well so favorite coffee tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this so um like well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean you know well uh okay week's episode. Us Odes us Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey and some of her like well uh uh I mean like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're now, you're now, you're a part of our so like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh well um well well family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, you're part of our family. Now, uh I mean okay well like okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh okay you're part of our family, you know, you're a part part part part part part part part part part part of our family now, um uh well I mean you know okay like uh like like right? right right right right right right right right right right Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just I just I just wanted to to to to to to to to to to to say thank you you know you know uh okay you know uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.