ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so like okay I mean so um so I mean Sunday. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so um I mean I mean like so just want to to to to to to to to to to to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know okay so I mean you know um well uh in today is doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing and we had to our pour one out for well uh uh you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh well uh uh the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I I I I I I I I I I I said music starting off. No. No, you know um like uh okay okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be be be be be be be be be be be dead. There is I mean okay okay okay well so so um okay so no more more more more more more more more more more more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why why why why why why why why why why why don't I talk in Sunday well uh you know okay okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're gonna instead of carrying you into your well you know like so uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh so you know weekend. We're going to start going to start your your your your your your your your your your your week off right? Hopefully, this uh well okay you know like uh well well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.