What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 2 of East End talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks today. We'll you know well okay like um okay well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over over over over over over over over over over over last uh okay like I mean okay well well well uh you know week and and and and and and and and and and and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um you know okay you know you know uh well like not not not not not not not not not not not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and well well well well well well well well well well well uh like well like well uh okay okay well it's simple reason really I just want don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know so like so um I mean um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean like well okay uh well so um okay there are days days days days days days days days days days days that you can make it and days. You just can't um I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean like so so well make it. And that is is is is is is is is is is is how I want you to plan your week. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't like so okay I mean okay I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know want you to plan your week to try based off off off off off off off off off off off of a certain workout that like like so I mean I mean uh um so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of of of of of of of of of of of in the okay like uh okay I mean uh I mean uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base base base base base base base base base base base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.