Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um okay like okay well uh uh you know to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um so you know you know um uh um you know Todd FM to get get get get get get get get get get get started on this. It has made it. So easy you know um um um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know well so so I mean guys, I did not know, you know know know know know know know know know know know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only uh um you know uh you you you you you you you you you you you know like uh well uh well known it like five ten years before early because because because because because because because because because because because all I need to do is uh like okay you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well okay uh download the anchor. I have record my voice in in in in in in in in in in in it and just click post and anchor okay you know like um um okay so so so so so so so so so so so well you know uh will do all the job for me. It will will will will will will will will will will will publish it in all the I mean like um you know okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh uh major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do do do do do do do do do do do not need to do well uh okay okay well like so you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to to to to to to to to to to to make so um well well okay um I mean like okay okay use of of of of of of of of of of of it. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you have a message if you have have have have have have have have have have have some come content, which like you know like you know um so you know know know know know know know know know know know okay uh well you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want want want want want want want want want want want I mean well you know uh I mean like okay um uh well to to to to to to to to to to to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, welcome back okay you know I mean um well okay okay um so like to my my my my my my my my my my my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.