Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the like so uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um um you know like well I mean app I'm using it is definitely the the the the the the the the the the the easiest one to use it's free and I mean you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so you know I mean there's creation tools straight in the app that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to edit your podcast from like um you know like so so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to Spotify apple I mean well um you know I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh okay and many more without having to do anything which is great great great great great great great great great great great and you can make you know okay you know you know okay um like like like like like like like like like like like well well you know money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which which which which which which which which which which which is also great man. You well you well you well you well you well you you you you you you you you you you you well you well you well you well you well you well you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well um you know you know you know gotta grind you got to to to to to to to to to to to get to where you're going. So it's everything you uh well okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh okay you know you know need to do all one place and and and and and and and and and and and to download the app go to anchor on the uh okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like you know I mean App Store anchored on FM online online online online online online online online online online online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, you know okay uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know you know uh well well yo yo, this is I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in uh so like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh okay uh uh YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it it it it it it it it it it it up. Keep doing what um I mean like so okay okay um you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.