Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like um okay okay uh I mean well so deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you you know I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean like uh you know you know know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde you know well well well well well well well well well well well well you know well okay um I mean uh you know is going to to to to to to to to to to to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like like like 495 it's worth. It's I mean I mean well uh um well you you you you you you you you you you you know you know like like always on the bottom shelf. It always it always it it it it it it it it it it it always it always it always it always it always it always it it it it it it it it it it it always it always it always takes me a really long time to But like like like like like like like like like like like okay well well you know well you know uh uh you know it's delicious. Delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and if there's no section for for for for for for for for for for for it, it's not like you can like uh okay I mean so like you you you you you you you you you you you know well okay um be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections sections sections sections sections sections sections sections sections sections sections like one bottle if you know you know like uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know you know well uh like so Verde white wine is green wine. That That That That That That That That That That That vinho Verde is green. Is well okay okay I mean like uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well well it the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type type type type type type type type type type type of woman alone, which like uh so you know okay like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.