Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance News I mean so so okay I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like so um I mean Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the the the the the the the the the the the new season of I mean uh okay okay well I mean like uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia that so like you know um um um uh you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware you you you you you you you you you you you know okay like um well well well well um like that she's dating a woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman what you might not know about Stephanie you know okay um well you know know know know know know know know know know know so so you know well well though is that she sells naked photos of herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself online. That's right. Stephanie has well I mean I mean so uh so so so so so so so so so so so like um uh uh a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. Risque risque risque risque risque risque risque risque risque risque. It seems some people well like like uh like so I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so okay may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to to to to to to to to to to to okay well I mean so you know I mean I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so okay lay everything out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this this this this this this this this this this this content and that uh you know like uh okay so you know well you you you you you you you you you you you know well having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um okay okay well like so um you know it's also helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an well so so so so so so so so so so so like well you know so well so um so advocate a writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. Like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know like I mean um uh you know. I'm allowed to to to to to to to to to to to love whoever I want. I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I I am not definable good for you girl. Okay okay you know you know um uh well like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know. A woman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her her her her her her her her her her her body and her well you know okay uh uh um uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.