Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to to to to to to to to to to to be about irony uh so I mean uh like so you know like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So welcome. Welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. Sorry I sorry I sorry I sorry I sorry I sorry I sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry I sorry I sorry I sorry I sorry I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um like so like well so uh we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about about about about about about about about about about about blur if he sounds like you know um like um like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off my fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking we I mean well well you know like I mean you know so so uh record record record record record record record record record record record this from songs on the first time. It was only to the second point. Point point point point point point point point point point. Like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like okay like okay like okay like like um like I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do do do do do do do do do do do before. Yeah, fuck your login you know so so okay okay um like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start start start start start start start start start start start to go smooth. Like um like um like um like um like um like um like like like like like like like like like like like um like um like um like um like um um like like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay okay. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.