It looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it it it it it it it it it it it looks it looks it looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the the the the the the the the the the the upcoming Disney plus so um like like I mean okay well uh um well well well well well well well well well well well series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at at at at at at at at at at at BR um like I mean well well uh you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and and and and and and and and and and and gold okay you know um um well you know you know like I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was this was this was this this this this this this this this this this this was this was this was this was this was this was this was this was was was was was was was was was was was a rumor that uh well uh like um um uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's you know like like I mean so you know like you know you know know know know know know know know know know know uh exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be be be be be be be be be be be seeing uh I mean you know well I mean uh okay okay uh okay a a a a a a a a a a a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci well so you you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean um like um well like or straight out of of of of of of of of of of of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite okay you know well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well uh so so a few times after being brought back to them dead. And And And And And And And And And And And it looks like we're um well uh like so so um so so so so so so so so so so so uh uh getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we we we we we we we we we we we uh I mean uh like well so I mean um um okay might see in in in in in in in in in in in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us let us let us us us us us us us us us us us let us let us let us let us let us let us let us let let let let let let let let let let let us um so I mean well I mean uh you know uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so know what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh like like well so so okay I mean hit that like button and subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more um um well well like um um um um um um um um um um um um you know um well in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. Right here on like like uh like um you know well well okay uh the popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.