Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always always always always always always always always well okay uh I mean you know uh well you know uh um writes after after after after after after after after after after after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well uh um you know like uh I mean and how they wish school school school school school school school school school school school and taught them to do their taxes. And why uh okay you know you you you you you you you you you you you know like so you know um okay so didn't somebody teach them do do do do do do do do do do do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic um so you you you you you you you you you you you know like well so uh uh uh you know math in first grade or or or or or or or or or or or 2nd grade. They taught they taught they taught they taught they taught they taught they they they they they they they they they they they taught they taught they taught they taught they taught you how to add and and and and and and and and and and and subtract numbers. I mean uh you know uh so uh you know um like okay. Okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add some um um um um um um um um um um um you know well like so so um uh um I mean together, you subtract some the the the the the the the the the the the Part about that is you were taught how to like well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean uh um you know I mean follow directions. There's directions at at at at at at at at at at at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read them. I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so so well like so well well you know. You read those directions and you follow them. Them them them them them them them them them them. So you were taught that I mean you know you know so um um um um um um um um um um um well well um okay well in school that was in elementary school the fact that that that that that that that that that that that you can't follow directions um okay I mean I mean okay uh you know um like like like like like like like like like like like uh and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It It It It It It It It It It It just so well um uh okay I mean uh I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.