All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy uh like like well well so uh okay well okay Thomas real Stone from the history history history history history history history history history history history of Otero. I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce it, right that was pretty okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um well so well okay um so good. Actually. Yeah, that that that that that that that that that that that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that that that that that that that that that that that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history history history history history history history history history history history of New Zealand you know I mean well uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so you know podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and and and and and and and and and and and what you've been working on I mean um I mean um you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay well and what we're going to be talking about today. Today today today today today today today today today today. Sure. So Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, my you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well I mean well uh you know name is Thomas and I as as as as as as as as as as as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of I mean so uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um um you know I mean altered or New Zealand podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, which is very much a does what it says well so uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay uh so you know okay on the tin podcast. It's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.