Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's a you know like you know well like I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well well well CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, I I I I I I I I I I I mean so um I mean uh um like okay you know well we've had some prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the uh you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean like so um like like Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 and that's our most downloaded episode well like like well uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know so okay like to date. We also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 66 uh uh I mean okay so I mean I mean well okay well well well well well well well well well well well and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. You You You You You You You You You You You know you know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know well so like well well uh like like like like like like like like like like like well okay. So the people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested in curriculum from like uh so so well so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh different areas of the world. So we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to keep finding people who know them okay you know okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know so so well well to explain them on the pad podcast. So So So So So So So So So So So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.