All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something something something something something something something something something something something right now. If you haven't I mean like you know uh I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like okay uh I mean heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life life life life life life life life life life life together, but if you okay well like so I mean uh I mean um you you you you you you you you you you you know like haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and and and and and and and and and and and well um like well I mean so like I mean um I mean I will elaborate first first first first first first first first first first first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know um I mean well um um that allow you to to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your like so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean I mean I mean like computer bro. My computer's broke. I I I I I I I I I I I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay like like well you know okay like phone. In addition to that that that that that that that that that that that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you know like like like like like like like like like like like um well okay like uh okay uh you know you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more row many like um you know well uh well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um so more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make make make make make make make make make make make okay well well okay you know well so you know uh I mean money from your your your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because well okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like um so you know okay well I mean I probably had your listeners right now and and and and and and and and and and and it's everything you need to okay so well well so like like you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.