This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank god. Well you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know um uh um well well I mean. You're not a horse girl. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like uh okay well okay well like like um well gonna go finger finger finger finger finger finger finger finger finger finger finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well you know like um you know you know um okay of of of of of of of of of of of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and you know well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well okay um I mean uh like my name is Bianca and this this this this this this this this this this this week. We are talking about the laws of so you know uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh okay you know okay attraction. Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are they are are are are are are are are are are are they are they are they hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My My My My My My My My My My My day my day my day my day my day my day my day my day day day day day day day day day day day my day my day my day was so well well I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well I mean okay very boring. How was yours? I was also also also also also also also also also also also very boring but for very I assume very I mean you know well um you you you you you you you you you you you know um well like well uh different reasons. So I was summoned to jury jury jury jury jury jury jury jury jury jury jury duty today. Not sure how I mean like I mean um uh uh so like like like like like like like like like like like so well much I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.