Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of of of of of of of of of of of well well like you know um uh like well um well podcasts devoted to cube cube cube cube cube cube cube cube cube cube cube in this season. We want we want we want we want we want want want want want want want want want want want we want we want we want we want we want we want to show you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys the like I mean like you know uh so so I mean so so basics basics basics basics basics basics basics basics basics basics basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well well I mean uh well you know like okay Cube. Each episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh I mean well I mean so well hopefully like say in a couple weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks time. You'll have your very own cube. Uh uh I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay uh um. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from germany. Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful okay okay okay I mean uh so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean um well file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we we we we we we we we we we we here I mean um uh so you know um okay well okay um to do? do do do do do do do do do do So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean okay um okay I mean uh as this for this this this this this this this this this this this first episode on what the former cube is I mean well you know um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so you know uh uh all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.