Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay um like well like uh like like your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll uh we'll uh we'll uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh we'll uh we'll uh we'll uh we'll uh we'll uh we'll uh we'll uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh we'll uh so well so well okay um well you know so anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host well you you you you you you you you you you you know like well like you know so uh um okay this podcast. So if if if if if if if if if if if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh well um um um uh okay so download our audio upload it into into into into into into into into into into into anchor and anchor does the rest you just like well um um well like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean I mean uh hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different different different different different different different different different different different places such as Spotify Apple like you know um you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know like like like like iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of of of of of of of of of of of people download podcasts and it's easy and best you know well so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know so I mean like of All it's free. Free free free free free free free free free free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile well like well well well well well well well well well well well you know so you know uh well well well app on your phone today. Today today today today today today today today today today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each okay okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so so you know so so I mean and every one of you guys listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the show. We couldn't do this well well like um you know well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know without you. So be sure at the end of of of of of of of of of of of the show to leave a um um so I mean so uh so like like like like like like like like like like like uh um review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all all all all all all all all all all all the um you know you know like uh I mean uh um well like pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.