The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not not not not not not not not so well so um well you know okay um like I mean just what we we we we we we we we we we we get to Define. Its how its how its how its how its how its its its its its its its its its its its how its how its how its how its how its how God calls us to to to to to to to to to to to himself. He is the you know you know okay I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know know well well like uh more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know okay uh you know so um well I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a it's a little too hot. Sorry um uh um so uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so uh be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is is is is is is is is is is is part 1 of um well uh well uh I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like like 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody hello everybody hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at I mean like you know so so so so so so so so so so so well um like so okay you know my name is Curtis. Kedi. The The The The The The The The The The The my the my the my the my the my the my the my the the the the the the the the the the the my the my the my the my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This This This This This This This This This This This is not you know like like uh so you know I mean so so you you you you you you you you you you you know a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.