Also known as in the house. Are those are those are those are those those those those those those those those those those those are those are those are those are those are those are those are those guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys just follow up. They said they said they said they said they said they said said said said said said said said said said said they said they said they said they said they said that okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um okay well you know like when Lee was running very fast and and and and and and and and and and and Tonto quite nervous that people are uh okay you know uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so um well okay okay going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to to to to to to to to to to to that video every one of I mean so okay so you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know like us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our our our our our our our our our our our dna. Okay like like so I mean so I mean uh like okay. We We We We We We We We We We We believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay uh okay you know like um okay you know bit further than where where where where where where where where where where where we are that if we get enough power we uh you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh I mean I mean so uh can we can live this life life life life life life life life life life life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way like okay um like like so like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know I mean we think about this as we kind of got got got got got got got got got got got if I can give all of well well um you know well you know um um um um um um um um um um um so you know I mean myself and be disciplined enough in that career or or or or or or or or or or or that's Portal that hobby all uh uh like okay um okay well okay uh so that that that that that that that that that that that way of life. Then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. Extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary. Um um you know um okay um uh okay so well. It's kind of of of of of of of of of of of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.