Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know like uh um like well so well pretty energized right right right right right right right right right right right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay I mean so well uh well okay like Bluestone College. I did four four four four four four four four four four four locations in one hit which is the power of the internet like you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay you know so uh so well and amazing technological breakthrough where you can can can can can can can can can can can be in four places at one time. So you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh you know I mean like um uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this little podcast that well okay um like uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh so well I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I I I I I I I I I I I want to uh you know you know you know I mean uh like well like like like like like like like like like like like uh give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running running running running running running running running running running running like well I mean you know like well like like um I mean a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well uh so well okay so okay okay iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. Screenshot screenshot screenshot screenshot screenshot screenshot screenshot screenshot screenshot screenshot. I will I will I will I will I will I will I will will will will will will will will will will will I will I will I will I will enter them into a draw to um um um um um um um um um um um well well so okay you know you know like uh um win a little little little little little little little little little little little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.