Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know well like you know like uh so like you from the the the the the the the the the the the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean okay okay you know like uh doing? Oh watching oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh watching oh watching oh watching oh watching oh watching oh watching oh watching oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh watching oh watching oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking just thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking just thinking just thinking just thinking just thinking just thinking just thinking just thinking just thinking just just just just just just just just just just just thinking about these fucking pervs. Uh so so well uh uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so. I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know I know I cannot believe you people picked picked picked picked picked picked picked picked picked picked picked this podcast podcast to listen so I mean I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well well okay I mean so to two girls and one phone. What the what the the the the the the the the the the the what the what the what the what the what the what the what the the the the the the the the the the the what the what the hell are you guys thinking for uh okay okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know I mean okay you know just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our our our our our our our our our our our but definitely not accept it is what it you know okay um so um like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean so well is. Why or how was your day? It was good. Good good good good good good good good good good. Just gonna catch up on some okay so well uh uh okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know okay um Netflix. Have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.