I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk like so um so like you know I mean so you know uh now. Now now now now now now now now now now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. Uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean you know so you know okay well I mean. What a a a a a a a a a a a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well um uh I mean uh well like like well like. And so far first off we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged so um you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um you know so you know 30 drama mystery. There's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's so there's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like well um well uh I mean so like their normal Shenanigans and and and and and and and and and and and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean you know um like well like okay at the end end end end end end end end end end end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean um like like well well okay like clown class president. So So So So So So So So So So So if you guys have a class clown class present for this um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like so so I mean you know you know episode, please please please please please please please please please please please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so you know so you know so um I mean flying solo tonight everyone. Everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so so I mean um well well so that I can also cut you you you you you you you you you you you as you guys as my co-host because I well um well okay like you know so so so so so so so so so so so well you know you know will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off off off off off off off off off off off what a way to start so okay like uh um okay okay uh um like like like like like like like like like like like this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.