The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended for so okay okay uh um like I mean I mean I mean so adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is is is is is is is is is is is I mean so uh like like well I mean so um well advised takashi. Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi. 6-9 was 6-9 was 6-9 was 6-9 was 6-9 was 6-9 was 6-9 was was was was was was was was was was was 6-9 was 6-9 was 6-9 was 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the the the the the the the the the the the hospital. I mean well you know you know I mean I mean like well uh um. Um um um um um um um um um um. According to TMZ. All I all I all I all I all I all I all all all all all all all all all all all I all I all I all I all I saw was the gun amazing when when when when when when when when when when when I woke up. You know you know like uh okay well uh um you know know know know know know know know know know know so. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and and and and and and and and and and and beat okay okay like you know like um I mean uh uh you know up up up up up up up up up up up a little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a um well so so so so so so so so so so so well like I mean you know well um like human level. And I started talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking to God. I'm like you don't only when so um like okay like like you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh so I could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the the the the the the the the the the the Takashi 6-9 story a I mean okay you know uh like so like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.