Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table table table table table table table table table table table okay so you know so you know um well uh okay okay each week. Week week week week week week week week week week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the the the the the the the the the the the you know okay well you know I mean um you know um um um um um um um um um um um um well questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety like well okay um I mean so okay I mean you know uh and housing to to to to to to to to to to to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot uh so so I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like um so I mean okay seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um like you know uh so the west of England. My My My My My My My My My My My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and okay like okay you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh so okay so journalism at you as well. And I'm in in in in in in in in in in in the second year. What is um well well okay uh uh so you know know know know know know know know know know know like uh the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student student student student student student student student student student student population? Well, I understand from I mean you know okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know so well well like what I understand from for universities directly. Directly directly directly directly directly directly directly directly directly directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um like like um um uh necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've been very proactive. I'm reaching I mean you know okay I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay uh um out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.