Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in in in in in in in in in in in a like I mean well okay uh you know so so uh so couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you um like like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean like so that did notice they be a large percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage percentage of you that didn't notice but okay so like like so you know so so so so so so so so so so so well like I mean we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before before before before before before before before before before before we get into it I mean uh so you know you know so you know know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean okay is only right to acknowledge that I'm also also also also also also also also also also also joined by Emma and Mike as always like well okay like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean well like so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and and and and and and and and and and and Mike, how are you? I am also so well I mean uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well so fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the the the the the the the the the the the world goes around I think uh um so so so um uh well uh uh so. So so so so so so so so so so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be joined um okay uh um um um so I mean um like by by by by by by by by by by by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and like like like like like like like like like like like um like you know you know I mean uh you know so okay author of a a a a a a a a a a a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. So I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well like like you know I mean so um. I did I did did did did did did did did did did did I did I did I did I did I did I did did did did did did did did did did did I did I did I did actually say it to Mike off air as well. Well well well well well well well well well well. It is one of like I mean um okay well okay okay like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.