Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh well like you know um I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know know towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am am am am am am am am am am am like you know well like like like like okay okay like joined by terrie robinson. Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know okay okay um um um okay in another episode of tomes of magic. Magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic. But before we do, I thought it might so like well um so you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know okay uh be nice to cover some announcements and also also also also also also also also also also also Terry how you doing. I am doing fine. You know well uh uh okay like um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh so. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo Kang now well uh so I mean like like okay uh so I mean we we we we we we we we we we we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about the Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang like like um like uh like um you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it where uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know well you know you know uh you know so I mean he he he he he he he he he he he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite well you know well like I mean okay so uh uh like enough but but but but but but but but but but but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like I mean well like I mean um like time and North American American American American American American American American American American American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well okay okay like um you know um let's figure out a time to record what what what what what what what what what what what will be good and I'm like 9:00 I mean like so um like like like like like like like like like like like um so okay so uh p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and and and and and and and and and and and like I can okay you know uh okay um um um okay well okay wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.