Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but but but but but but but but but but but other podcasts um so you know okay uh well like I mean like like another another another another another another another another another another another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's okay um so okay uh okay uh you know so I mean not. It's not the show. Show show show show show show show show show show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another to another to another to another another another another another another another another another another another to another to another to another to another to another to another to to to to to to to to to to to another episode of I mean uh well um so uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. Time time time time time time time time time time. You complain you complain you complain you complain you complain you complain you complain you complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain you complain you complain you complain about me well like well you know so well well well well well well well well well well well uh um you know um saying no many you do the intro after that that that that that that that that that that that couch. All right. Well, uh well like I mean so like like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's done, right? you know like okay well like so so well uh well You You You You You You You You You You You know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will will will will will will will will will will will you know well like I mean so uh okay so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.