Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just just just just just just just just just just just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment to give you you you you you you you you you you you guys a little idea okay so so so you know like well uh um um um um um um um um um um um well how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot I mean you know so um I mean well um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so well f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh okay um you know I mean you know uh uh like um. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone like so well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh well I mean so okay like or a computer check out out out out out out out out out out out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um so you know well well well get started. This segment is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by jig Master jigs when you know uh um I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um like in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and and and and and and and and and and and use promo code. Um I mean so I mean like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well. Pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next next next next next next next next next next next gig order today. Welcome to the like so um you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know you know okay pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new new new new new new new new new new new segment where we try to improve our well you know okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean okay you know I mean skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.