If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. You know like so like okay um so um um um um um um um um um um um so so. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you you to record and so I mean you know well uh well I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast I mean uh you know you know so I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can I mean I mean like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know well uh well make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship is everything you need okay okay like like uh you know well okay so so so so so so so so so so so like to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up up up up up up up up up up up or good Echo uh you know okay uh okay um well like so like the the the the the the the the the the the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean so you know um uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed like the dream went went went went went went went went went went went on all night long. Okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, maybe like well so so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay so okay so um it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the the the the the the the the the the the bedroom was filled with the um okay so well well like like okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.