Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs I mean uh well I mean so okay um okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay like okay you know I mean okay so okay to to to to to to to to to to to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending habits the like so so well um so so well uh okay author of of of of of of of of of of of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean I mean I mean okay you know like okay of weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. Uh well well well well well well well well well well well so um like you know so um um so. She really she she she she she she she she she she she really she really she really she really she really she really she really really really really really really really really really really really she really she really she really loved to save money that realization helped her get past past past past past past past past past past past Financial anxiety and helped you know so um uh uh I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which Which Which Which Which Which Which Which Which Which Which each lasted about you know okay well okay okay like I mean you know so you you you you you you you you you you you know an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a a a a a a a a a a a monthly credit card okay so I mean so um you know like okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to to to to to to to to to to to so so you know so so you know like okay you know so help her her her her her her her her her her her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh I mean like uh uh well okay um is full full full full full full full full full full full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well I mean okay okay well uh like well In fact money is mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from well okay so um um um um um um um um um um um so uh okay uh I mean well Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again again again again again again again again again again again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.