Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um like you know well um I mean I mean um that that that that that that that that that that that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh okay okay okay so okay like anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so well well well I mean tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean okay um um computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins will I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean like you know so okay I mean so distribute. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry your sorry your sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts uh okay um so well so well you know well uh and and and and and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well you know I mean well um I mean you know like listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place well well well well well well well well well well well well uh well I mean um okay you know uh um download the the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know uh so so well you know get started now back to the the the the the the the the the the the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at like well um um um um um um um um um um um um okay um okay so you know okay you. We're hitting you with a combine recap recap recap recap recap recap recap recap recap recap recap talking about how our boys uh well well okay like so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.