Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate so so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh so okay uh so you know I mean your Bohemian guide to economics economics economics economics economics economics economics economics economics economics economics and everything. Let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna be more about everything today. Today today today today today today today today today today. I you I you I you I you I you I you I you I I I I I I I I I I I you I you I you I you know so like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um well you know suppose, you know critical thinking the word that that that that that that that that that that that you heard here. So um okay um so so um um you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so many times mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should should should should should should should should should should should um I mean I mean so you know well so uh well um after reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I can I I I I I I I I I I I can I can I can I can I can I can I can I I I I I I I I I I I can I can I well um so so you know so uh uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean trust the source? I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. Me me me me me me me me me me. So you know uh so you know uh you know like like uh like actually thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about well um uh like like like like like like like like like like like um well I mean well um okay everything to be able to doubt the most most most most most most most most most most most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.