What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here here here here here here here here here here here at College Christian so okay well uh well I mean so so okay um um um um um um um um um um um church for the college age. And today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today and today we are are are are are are are are are are are talking about emotions or loneliness well I mean like so um well like um so so so so so so so so so so so so in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How How How How How How How How How How How you doing? Girl? uh okay so you know I mean okay um well well well well well well well well well well well uh um I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you you you you you you you you you you you here. Taylor um um um so uh well okay you know I mean okay is is is is is is is is is is is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's well uh okay I mean so okay I mean like like well podcast with Taylor, where where where where where where where where where where where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like so I mean well you know I mean started in in in in in in in in in in in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good um uh uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean okay um Community there, but it really started to take take take take take take take take take take take effect my first year in uh um well well uh well well well like uh college college college college college college college college college college college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came came came came came came came came came came came uh uh um uh well uh you know you know um so about about about about about about about about about about about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern uh so so so so so so so so so so so um well I mean so well like I mean um but I came there knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.