Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh well like okay I mean want to thank you for for for for for for for for for for for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you well well so okay well so so so so so so so so so so so you know um well I mean enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about about about anchor its easiest way to make well like uh okay so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so uh so podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your like you know so so so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know um you know I mean podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um okay well um like uh uh you know you can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you like like um uh like like like like like like like like like like like like you know um like I mean can also make money from your podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's everything you need to make a um well I mean you know well um um um um um um um um um um um um okay like um successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started. Hey, uh you know like so I mean uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um um what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in in in in in in in in in in in the book I mean okay so I mean um like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh um one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and and and and and and and and and and and I mean uh um okay well so like um um well one that I I I I I I I I I I I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.