Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes V and we are bad and Bollywood and okay well like I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean like I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come come come come come come come come come come come from? It's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so like um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so like like a crossover episode. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh Uh like like you know okay I mean you know I mean you know um. Um um um um um um um um um um. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother you you you you you you you you you you you know so you know okay uh uh uh like like well listen to to to to to to to to to to to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like like so I mean um you know well uh um you know. That's good. So So So So So So So So So So So we're here to talk about atrás the movie but so okay uh uh so so so so so so so so so so so um uh uh uh well before we get into Addresses when I get this this this this this this this this this this this out of the way a quick okay so so like um like well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean you know plug or big plug we are now on the the the the the the the the the the the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and uh you know I mean you know like so so so so so so so so so so so you know so well like we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we we we we we we we we we we we so we put up uh you know uh I mean okay well like well well well well well well well well well well well um um the Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites and we would like um uh you know well um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay so to hear from you guys. What do you you you you you you you you you you you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.