Hello plants hello plants hello plants hello plants hello plants hello plants hello plants hello plants plants plants plants plants plants plants plants plants plants plants hello plants hello plants hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I am too but I'm trying to pretend you know uh well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh uh so um well I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting this podcast episode set so like I mean so um okay like you know so I I I I I I I I I I I mean up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one one one one one one one one one one one person like so uh I mean okay so uh well you know okay and that that that that that that that that that that that I feel like our audio is always a little off and um okay uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know well um um well you guys have probably noticed that that that that that that that that that that that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know uh you know uh I mean so like I mean going to have to to to to to to to to to to to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well so okay um well it with me. Me Emma me Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma me Emma me Emma me Emma me Emma me Emma me Emma me Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma me Emma me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well well so I mean um you know you know okay. This This This This This This This This This This This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you you you you you you you you you you you okay so well uh uh I mean uh well well so emailed to me and and and and and and and and and and and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I and I would say it's a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well I mean okay um okay okay you know okay little advice a a a a a a a a a a a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not we're not we're not not not not not not not not not not not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not licensed therapists.