What's up, y'all? Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a minute and and and and and and and and and and and say if you've ever um you know okay you know so so you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know uh considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is definitely the place you know um I mean you know okay okay like well I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and and and and and and and and and and and get okay you know uh like like um okay so you know um it up up up up up up up up up up up and running. Thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks clicks clicks clicks clicks clicks clicks clicks clicks clicks clicks of the button. I mean I mean um I mean okay uh well um um um um um um um um um um um um well. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and well um uh so well okay you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from from from from from from from from from from from my phone I mean I mean like uh okay okay uh so okay um from from from from from from from from from from from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can um you you you you you you you you you you you know you know so you know well okay um okay okay do it. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free free free free free free free free free free free it's free it's free it's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. Sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships. They helped me okay um um okay I mean okay so so well um um um um um um um um um um um with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better better better better better better better better better better better place to well so okay um okay well you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter again. So uh okay well um okay so like okay like um download the free app app app app app app app app app app app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started like okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like uh like so I mean again download the app today. It's free, or or or or or or or or or or or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.