Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so so I mean well well uh uh I mean your health Fitness and and and and and and and and and and and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Well so okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so um um well. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with with with with with with with with with with with Cheryl and Danny today's episode like well I mean so you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well like I mean is called movement is medicine. I just rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I you know you know you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well okay um so uh think it's what we've been saying for the the the the the the the the the the the last few weeks. I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I I I I I I I I I I I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel like we've like like like you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh I mean I mean uh so been saying movement is is is is is is is is is is is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like so okay well um so well so post that we put on the Instagram page page page page page page page page page page page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes you know okay I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know I mean well okay branding that positive message and and and and and and and and and and and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really well uh um okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh I mean you know talk about something that I'm super passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday I mean well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know like uh you know you know okay your training working hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So um like well well um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay so well this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's your bread and butter, um I mean I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well uh I mean but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.