Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name is Kelly scheib. You know you know um like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. Listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners. I'm here joined by my co-host Steve well like you know um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so I mean uh now we are so we had a plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan for today and as is um I mean I mean um um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean well typical with my life, we change the plan because because because because because because because because because because because there's this little known like um I mean you know well I mean I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so uh virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it it it it it it it it it it it was I mean uh uh I mean I mean so okay um so you know know know know know know know know know know know incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you know know know know know know know know know know know okay like I mean okay uh so like um you know you just in, california. California California California California California California California California California California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is I I I I I I I I I I I mean well well okay you know well um um so I mean originated. I I I I I I I I I I I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? States States States States States States States States States States I like like like I mean well so you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know know think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's looked at you they haven't even like um okay uh I mean um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well uh taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the the the the the the the the the the the experts okay like well uh okay um uh like I mean I mean we have have have have have have have have have have have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know well I mean okay um dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.