You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the well like well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well well like you know British Council for more information about the British Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council or the language assistance program, okay um uh um so um uh um well like like like like like like like like like like like please visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to like like like like like like like like like like like um well uh well well well I mean um you know the language assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards um you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean so like I mean like like you know to our our our our our our our our our our our program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who you know know know know know know know know know know know uh well like um um okay uh um um are all British Council colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different you know well well well like like like like like like like like like like like so you know like I mean so departments. We are all linked to the the the the the the the the the the the language assistance program through previously taking part like well well so um um okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to to to to to to to to to to to start with can you all I mean I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know okay well okay introduce yourselves where your base and what team team team team team team team team team team team you are in? Stop with you you know you know you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know uh I mean Tina. Hey there, I'm kina. Kina Kina Kina Kina Kina Kina Kina Kina Kina Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.