I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for for for for for for for for for for for well uh uh I mean so okay uh like okay so the fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay uh like you know well uh so and actually really fell in in in in in in in in in in in love with it. A lot of them well um well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like well um uh are just really fantastic. If you think about how how how how how how how how how how how far things have come for us um uh well well like uh um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that that that that that that that that that that that were once in the okay uh well uh uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know well I mean realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Think think think think think think think think think think. Please welcome everybody so so um okay uh so you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and and and and and and and and and and and uh you know you know like like like well I mean you know well he runs runs runs runs runs runs runs runs runs runs runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel you you you you you you you you you you you know so like okay I mean uh okay well so like visible dark Astro. He is is is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he he is he is he is a big user of picks in sight. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get started. You know like um well so well like I mean well well. Hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh well uh like well uh hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with you with you you you you you you you you you you you with you with you with you with you with you with you with you with you with the latest information and advice.