Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. White white white white white white white white white white. And in this episode. I'm going to be talking um I mean so uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh you know so like about male multiple orgasms and so stick around around around around around around around around around around around to hear more about this juicy stuff. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like you know so like I mean I mean well like. Do you do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy sexual you know uh I mean like I mean um uh uh like well vitality and and and and and and and and and and and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu um so like you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know know like you know uh I mean podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how how how how how how how how how how how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize well okay so well um uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know know you know okay your ideal life. So there's so there's so there's so there's so so so so so so so so so so so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a bit of a myth in our world um so um well okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um like well so that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a a a a a a a a a a a man's sexual capacity. That's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the the the the the the the the the the the greatest sexual well I mean uh okay I mean so like like um so experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired you know okay so well so I mean like so like well afterwards. Afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this this this this this this this this this this this partner you know okay well I mean you know uh you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.