Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune so tune so so so so so so so so so so so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so so so so so so so so so so so tune out so well I mean like okay so um so okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I I I I I I I I I I I reported okay so um I mean so you know um you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production production production production production production production production production production production crew Link okay like so so well well well well uh I mean in in in in in in in in in in in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated well so so so so so so so so so so so um uh so okay I mean like okay well that Maddie was certainly going to to to to to to to to to to to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially okay well so okay um well well well well well well well well well well well well so you know so dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's season's season's season's season's season's season's season's season's season's season's leading woman. So let me get um uh okay you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but but but but but but but but but but but she's not like um like uh I mean so well well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there is there so so well like you know so I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of of of of of of of of of of of right now well uh um so you know like so well well well well well well well well well well well well um I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your your your your your your your your your your your thoughts I mean you know uh okay I mean uh like I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on on on on on on on on on on on Bachelor News Daily. But okay um uh like like I mean okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on on on on on on on on on on on her earlier today. Like you know like well like well uh um like so. So check check check check check check check check check check check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh okay like well uh so you know Bachelor after show live tonight at at at at at at at at at at at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.