And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class you you you you you you you you you you you know so uh okay okay okay um so like uh is in session and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is this is is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is you know like like okay well okay uh uh um well episode two two two two two two two two two two two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well like um I mean like um scoop on Student Life at at at at at at at at at at at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me like well like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh so okay this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Like I mean like um I mean like I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh you know. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my my name my name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at denison. So so so so so so so so so so so so okay so I mean uh um uh uh um. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So So So So So So So So So So So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the the the the the the the the the the the exec so okay you know uh uh uh you know okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I I I I I I I I I I I am an uh um you know okay I mean so like well I mean okay admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know uh well I mean I mean so well uh from Chicago. So So So So So So So So So So So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.