Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you you you you you you you you you you you please take so you know well like like like well like so uh a minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help us to to to to to to to to to to to uh okay so so you know you know um you know like okay move move move move move move move move move move move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we are the hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts uh well okay uh so um I mean well well uh of the aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the 13th. We We We We We We We We We We We I mean so well I mean like like well okay you know well will be be be be be be be be be be be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh so you know I mean um like okay so o'clock Moscow time. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, this is the unique time when you can see Rory and myself like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh um like I mean uh I mean our pretty faces and Rory will will will will will will will will will will will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack okay so I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like okay okay okay okay jokes on his feet. So no preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we so you know know know know know know know know know know know well well uh okay um I mean you know so do need everyone to to to to to to to to to to to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really we really we really we really we really we really really really really really really really really really really really we really we really we really we really we really insisted everybody. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.