Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host host Travis okay you know I mean I mean like well I mean like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode I I I I I I I I I I I mean like um like I mean well well okay well you know 16. 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16. But first but first but first but first but first but first but first but first first first first first first first first first first first but first but first but first we want to say thank you to our our our our our our our our our our our sponsors I mean uh you know um you know um so you know well you you you you you you you you you you you know first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they they they they they they they they they they they want I mean um um uh you know okay I mean uh you know okay to to to to to to to to to to to do the same for you. So if you want to check them them them them them them them them them them them out, like uh um well so you know I mean well like well make make make make make make make make make make make sure to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no also, no also, no also, no also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, no also, no also, no also, no also, no also, no also, no love love love love love love love love love love love City the love City where you uh well you know well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay okay um get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you you you you you you you you you you you use the code Urban okay um I mean you know okay um well so I I I I I I I I I I I mean well robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That That That That That That That That That That That is no um uh like like okay uh okay well so um love city.com. And And And And And And And And And And And then also SD prints there are screen printing company that can um so well you you you you you you you you you you you know um like like you know uh well make you some wonderful products products products products products products products products products products products for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make like so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh well uh well um a product for you. You can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can can you can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. Well like well well well well well well well well well well well like well like well like well like well like well like well like well well well well well well well well well well well like well like well like okay I mean well uh um okay like okay. So So So So So So So So So So So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.