Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about well like um I mean um you know um you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like Spotify on Spotify. You can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can listen to all all all all all all all all all all all of your favorite artists and podcast well uh uh you know well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like so so and one place that's for free. You don't even need a a a a a a a a a a a premium account and that you know um you know okay so like so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a a a a a a a a a a a little you know okay okay I mean uh I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know know like okay bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you you know so okay you know uh you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your your your your your your your your your your your friends you know you know like like so so uh like I mean okay on on on on on on on on on on on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and and and and and and and and and and and so okay you know well okay like okay well uh like whenever you are if you're like like like like like like like like like like like me, you probably have too many. The like uh well I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like like so you know like apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So So So So So So So So So So So if you uh uh uh well so well like well like like haven't done done done done done done done done done done done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on so uh you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know um well like like um Spotify or browse podcasts in in in in in in in in in in in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to uh um like you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean um like you know okay well follow us on there. So you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so so you so you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like so so you know you know well well um said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay well you know well I mean so well optimal living advice the podcast where we we we we we we we we we we we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.