What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We We We We We We We We We got uh so well uh uh well you know you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game game game game game game game game game game game well um like you know like so okay I mean like um of new polls versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has ended um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well okay so I mean up getting the W girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so I mean uh so well you know win the D3 Championship. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's four teams that we think that could win it. So um so um so so so so so so so so so so so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so so so so so so so so so so so um so um okay well I mean so okay okay you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going going going going going going going going going going going to so you know okay I mean you know uh you know like uh like like like like like like like like like like like end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both we're both we're both we're both both both both both both both both both both both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're both really excited about the season coming uh so well so I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay up and we just wanted to talk about that a a a a a a a a a a a little bit. Bit, so I um I mean um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um okay hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's so let's so so so so so so so so so so so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's get into it Saint well like so okay uh uh so you you you you you you you you you you you know well um Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central Central College and new uh so um uh I mean okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis. And now and now and now and now and now and now and now and and and and and and and and and and and now and now and now and now today um well okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well well uh like they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. Game game game game game game game game game game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably they're probably they're probably they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably just going to.