Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know like well okay okay um uh about anchor get it is is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know well okay I mean um so um um explain. It's actually where we host our our our our our our our our our our our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a well so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know well um so uh I mean you know creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right so so you know okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay like like well from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer if that's how you want to do it. That's well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean like I mean I mean well well not how how how how how how how how how how how we do it. But I but I but I but I but I but but but but but but but but but but but I but I but I but I but I but I suppose you could anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will okay like you know so like like you know okay I mean I mean distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's spotify. You know like like like like like like like like like like like like um so so you know uh well uh. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many many many many many many many many many many many more and you can make money. From like like okay well I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know well uh your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast and well I mean okay you know uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay um one place. So go ahead and download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to uh so like um so um uh like uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun solar solar solar solar solar solar solar solar solar solar solar panel podcast. Um like um like um like um like um like um like um like like like like like like like like like like like um like um like um like um like like um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean um um you know I mean. Hey, it's a spool back to to to to to to to to to to to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, uh like well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh okay well like you know Spotify for music, but now guess what what what what what what what what what what what you can find all I mean uh well I mean okay so uh so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.