This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find find find find find find find find find find find us um okay um you know so like um you know like like go to to to to to to to to to to to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Below below below below below below below below below below. So I mean uh um okay like you know well you know uh. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to our / Petty so okay so so well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know like like well Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over over over over over over over over over over over those who dared to uh okay okay like so like well um um um um um um um um um um um well okay cross them. Today's post today's post today's post today's post today's post today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's post today's post today's post today's post today's post today's post pick on the little girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. You know you know okay so um like so um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to to to to to to to to to to to the details may be a you know like um like well uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle school. School School School School School School School School School School. My brother was just graduating like like so you know uh so uh I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so high school. He decided he decided he decided he decided he decided he decided he he he he he he he he he he he decided he decided he decided he decided he decided he wanted to go into the Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy so Working with a okay like you know you know well well uh like um like like like like like like like like like like like recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out out out out out out out out out out out while you know so well um okay so okay I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um they wait to go off to basic one. Such event such event such event event event event event event event event event event event such event such event such event such event such event such event such event such event was a day of paintball at a local.