You have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have reached the every little thing help or interrupting interrupting interrupting interrupting interrupting interrupting interrupting interrupting interrupting interrupting interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to so so I mean um um okay so so so so so so so so so so so so um okay give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our our our our our our our our our our our Flamingo correspondent Hi, so uh so uh okay okay I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know okay how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well um um well so you know uh of Natural history. History History History History History History History History History History. You heard you heard you heard you heard you heard you heard you heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard you heard you heard you heard you heard her on our do not underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate the flamingo episode where uh uh uh well okay okay well like uh like like like like like like like like like like like we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay okay well okay I mean you know. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I I I I I I I I I I I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I okay so you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know um uh like um don't know if you're on social media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um so well um I mean like flamingo event. In the in the the the the the the the the the the the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in in in the in the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well um well well so well um you know so brought to my attention by by by by by by by by by by by a few people. It looks like a picture from a okay like okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay okay well um flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.