Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends okay like like like like like like like like like like like um well well um like well uh I mean puff stuff podcast back on on on on on on on on on on on your listening device. We appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate you being here. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're you know uh like I mean okay uh um I mean you know okay doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of pa. Like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um uh so um. They want to give away their products products products products products products products products products products products to a handful of our listeners. And see uh well uh so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know so you know uh so what you like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're just going to so you know I mean so you know uh okay you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean get like a couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American American American American American American American American American American American um well you know so well uh uh uh um well Shaman EPA, and then then then then then then then then then then then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know uh you know is what you got to do do do do do do do do do do do go to the puff and Steph Facebook so uh okay well well like well well well well well well well well well well well you know like like page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and and and and and and and and and and and just tell us why so so okay um uh uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um like you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products products products products products products products products products products products before and you stop like um uh okay well like um um like um for for for for for for for for for for for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see how this um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so like um like well okay like you know Compares maybe you're just just just just just just just just just just just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping you know like so so so so so so so so so so so like uh um okay I mean okay so that it helps with. No No No No No No No No No No No reason no reason no reason no reason no reason no reason no reason no reason no no no no no no no no no no no reason no reason no reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.