Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I I just want to talk to you you know okay I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know you know um um a little bit today about some happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen to me the other day and well you know I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean like uh they've asked me if I tell you you you you you you you you you you you about it just because it kind of changed um okay I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh so okay so my life. I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think think I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well you know you know like well um um aunts life changed everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. Well okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know I mean like um um uh. But today I walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean so you know uh uh I mean so like my my my my my my my my my my my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well so uh so uh well doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was was was was was was was was was was was like, hey bud. I okay uh like I mean okay so um like you you you you you you you you you you you know like got something I need to tell you want to take a seat right there. There there there there there there there there there there. Tie well you know so well um uh okay um so well a seat right right right right right right right right right right right there. He said I want to tell you about something that I found well well well well well well well well well well well um so you know okay so um so well uh out they if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. Um uh okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um so so okay um okay. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way imaginable to make well okay so well like uh okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you you know uh podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.