Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's okay well well uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay like okay the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one one one one one one one one one one one to use it's free and I mean uh well okay you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well um uh you know there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you you you you you you you you you you you to edit your podcast okay like okay okay like so um well um so from your your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay well okay uh like I mean like apple and many more without having having having having having having having having having having having to do anything which is great and I mean I mean so uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know like well uh you know you can make money from the podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership, which is also great man. You so like well so uh well like like like like like like like like like like like so like so gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you so I mean uh uh um well well you know um well need to to to to to to to to to to to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um so like uh I mean so you know the App Store anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in I mean well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well so I mean well the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode uh you know so like you know know know know know know know know know know know like like like okay you know 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm excited to get into it. The first the first the first the first first first first first first first first first first first the first the first the first the first the first the first the first first first first first first first first first first first episode you know like okay so you know okay like I mean uh okay alone did did did did did did did did did did did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean well you know so um um it out and reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.