Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the hottest take my name is is is is is is is is is is is Chris Ryan. I am joined by um so well um like so uh well uh okay Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason concepción Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I you know you you you you you you you you you you you know well like uh um okay I mean um well know that we fought fought fought fought fought fought fought fought fought fought fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country um uh you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean uh um you know needs is a king. King king king king king king king king king king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we uh well you know know know know know know know know know know know uh like um um like okay you know need a monarch with absolute power. Power power power power power power power power power power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like um okay um you know uh Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But But But But But But But But But But But look at England right now how much I mean I mean I mean so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean uh like okay better would our political discourse be if if if if if if if if if if if we would just elect the king for every like you know like okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay so you know I mean like um a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump gets to be king. But we have um like like like like like like like like like like like um so I mean I mean so okay well so a like a boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're as prime minister is is is is is is is is is is is actually making the I mean so um so you know okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so so I mean decision, right? So he's so he's so he's so he's so he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's have a a a a a a a a a a a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job I mean like um I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well like like you know you know is to to to to to to to to to to to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first uh you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well uh uh you know so like well fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.