What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm and I'm and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm bringing you the first official so um um um uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so um like episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to have some like um okay um well like you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus romero. Well you well you well you well you well you well well well well well well well well well well well you well you well you well you well you well you know so uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh um I mean uh so. It's going down soon. You know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got got got got got got got got got got got okay well I mean uh well uh uh so okay I mean a couple co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay well uh I mean okay um well you know real real real real real real real real real real real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know like I mean like well well so I mean everything UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean um well you know I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.