Hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker maker maker maker maker maker maker maker maker maker maker has an easy way to get I mean like okay well uh so um like you you you you you you you you you you you know um you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F F m-- so I mean I mean um um okay okay so well um to get started started started started started started started started started started started and you know what? It's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free just download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor you know um like well uh well uh I mean well okay app or or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean uh uh so um uh so um your own podcast. You can can can can can can can can can can can have fun. You can talk about whatever you um um well like I I I I I I I I I I I mean well like okay so like want to talk about on your own podcast. You can can can can can can can can can can can make it by whatever you want well like well uh so uh so so so so so so so so so so so so you know um to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once again, go uh uh well well okay so well um so you know to the the the the the the the the the the the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean so well uh well you know okay so your way. Way way way way way way way way way way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about I'm about about about about about about about about about about about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.