Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike rankin. Well you know okay like well like so well I mean you know. Know know know know know know know know know know. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a a a a a a a a a a a okay so okay like I mean you know like uh I mean okay special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow so so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh okay like you know um well them on Twitter at at at at at at at at at at at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay you know um like so so us to talk some White White White White White White White White White White White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going okay I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so um um um um well so to be weird for me because I I I I I I I I I I I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview well you know you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean so you know other people. So I'm going to completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you like okay uh you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over over over over over over over over over over over at Saks in the like so like so you know well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two two two two two two two two two two two years and it okay um okay well well like uh you know uh so really really really really really really really really really really really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay so like so okay okay so I mean as it's turned into and now we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're you know, we got this live like like um you know well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like uh event of cork and Kerry the park on the the the the the the the the the the the 28th, and we're going to be so you know okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know like so okay trying out a live broadcast from there through the the the the the the the the the the the Pod be nap and we're going uh I mean so so well well okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay to be going to two shows a week instead of one one one one one one one one one one one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.