Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's the here's the here's the so you know well well I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um um like I mean you know U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is is is is is is is is is is is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart okay I mean okay okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like okay I mean here for season 2 of steal some time. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like we blinked all of uh I mean um okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well okay a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away away away away away away away away away away away from okay uh well okay you know so okay well so I mean opening weekend. Weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend. How is how is how is how is how is how is how is how is is is is is is is is is is is how is how is how is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you do do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you you do you do you feel well um okay um well um well um uh so so so so so so so so so so so kind of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and and and and and and and and and and and you know I mean um you know I mean so well well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean it was like we're about to kick off and I was like, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh good good um well I mean you know okay okay so okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well thing I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well so so so you know well so okay set my my my my my my my my my my my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean well like like you know like okay um okay a rowdies preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason preseason game or something. I showed I showed I showed I showed I showed I I I I I I I I I I I showed I showed I showed I showed I showed I showed up and and and and and and and and and and and I was like, uh well you know so well so like you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they they they they they they they they they they they beat montreal. Um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um um um so um so um so um so um so well like you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know well. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing of things. We are good for well okay uh you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean um real back in the swing of things were were were were were were were were were were were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.