Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well okay so so like like like you know really appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate your support. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you're getting a lot out of of of of of of of of of of of studying the Bible I mean uh okay okay well okay uh okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which which which which which which which which which which which is well like uh uh so so uh like like okay something we don't often talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk uh I mean okay um I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know so like uh about it more and today we're looking at. At at at at at at at at at at. And really interesting passage. It's quite it's quite it's quite it's quite it's quite it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's quite it's quite it's quite it's quite it's quite it's quite unlike everything you you you you you you you you you you you know um uh uh so um um well you know like else. We see in in in in in in in in in in in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the like like like like like like like like like like like okay well like well well um well um you know Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him him him him him him him him him him him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so okay like okay like a high mountain where they could be be be be be be be be be be be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured so uh so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh you know um um his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.