Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little like like like like like like like like like like like well okay uh like well okay like like I mean bit of how we we we we we we we we we we we started with here on anchor and one of the best like I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so um um um um uh I mean things about anchor it's free. This is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this this is this is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well well you know like so so I mean I mean lot of creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like uh you know know know know know know know know know know know well you know so you know well well like from your phone or the computer. Computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. It's as easy as that. So download the um like I mean so like um um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know um free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started check like okay like I mean um well so uh so so so so so so so so so so so I mean it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of of of of of of of of of of of this you know I mean um so um well uh uh like um podcast to to to to to to to to to to to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will uh you know know know know know know know know know know know um um I mean um um uh so um be sitting down with with with with with with with with with with with people's to talk about their story and their successes. Uh I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um um uh like um um well. It doesn't mean you have to be a a a a a a a a a a a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.