Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to a special special special special special special special special special special special episode of the digital HR leaders um like um uh you know I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you you know um well podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs to be um like um you know you know okay well so um so digital. Digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh uh like so um you know well analytical to deliver greater business value. This This This This This This This This This This This episode is a break from our usual format. I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean um so like I mean well well uh. Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and and and and and and and and and and and future you know I mean um uh like okay um well uh I mean of work work work work work work work work work work work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future future future future future future future future future future future uh uh okay well you know uh uh um I mean so and how to develop develop develop develop develop develop develop develop develop develop develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean you know well so well like uh having spent six years previously is is is is is is is is is is is global head of people strategy analytics learning and okay okay okay well um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so I mean operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head head head head head head head head head head head of people analytics boober and so I mean okay okay I mean well so so so so so so so so so so so like I mean well is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing director of my HR future um I mean well like like um well you know um um um um um um um um um um um well who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.