What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the the the the the the the the the the the doubt Health you know so like well so well well okay okay like podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the owner and operator of of of of of of of of of of of dialed Health, well um uh well okay so like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why you know know know know know know know know know know know so so well you know um like um you know uh circuit workouts are optimal for for for for for for for for for for for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore you know um I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean um okay uh um um Austin in do thank you you you you you you you you you you you so much for this idea because he noticed that most so uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh I mean you know uh you know of my Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some some some some some some some some some some some well um well okay like okay I mean okay okay like form of a circuit. Circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so uh so um you know like that really is better for for for for for for for for for for for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um um okay um you know um like we're going to break break break break break break break break break break break down the science and we're also going to break down uh so I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so like well like so you know some reality because you know, all the science in the world. World world world world world world world world world world. Sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't get around real I mean you know know know know know know know know know know know like well uh well uh okay well well life factors. I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I I I think I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean uh I mean like well so well so choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. Cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists. Well okay um okay like you know um you know well so. As always we're going going going going going going going going going going going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.