Hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th already 2020 time flies you know okay you know so like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today today today today today today today today today today today shows like so okay uh um okay well you know so well a good one. One one one one one one one one one one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know so you know uh you know like like beautiful fashion. We have have have have have have have have have have have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the uh okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean so well um well like well so New Orleans Saints playoff game that that that that that that that that that that that you would want to hear the answer from has a so you know I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know so so okay uh very good answer. Also Aaron Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all um um you know like so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh well uh well the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear about life. We can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we we we we we we we we we we we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't thank you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know you know uh I mean I mean you enough for choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean um so so I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people people people people people people people people people people people say you well um well okay okay okay okay you know uh I mean shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like well uh you know like uh me too. I love Q-tips to to to to to to to to to to to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, you know um so like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well I mean though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips is that you push okay I mean you know you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay um um you know it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.