Principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, Callahan, Callahan, Callahan, Callahan, Callahan, Callahan, Callahan, Callahan, Callahan, Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put put put put put put put put put put put her through Cal. How are I mean you know like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um um um well like so you? Not so not so not so not so not not not not not not not not not not not so not so not so not so not so not so not so bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad value self never better, but you can make me even you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh so well I mean happier. Well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict uh like okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay um um you know well like of interest. Oh get your mind out of the the the the the the the the the the the gutter Callahan. I have interns I mean um like um okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um who do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Davis okay okay well um so uh so I mean uh well is looking into the the the the the the the the the the the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna like you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so um um I mean well like um take a pretty hefty. Package Package Package Package Package Package Package Package Package Package Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh um well well so so like after. You know why they call her her her her her her her her her her her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow uh well uh um like like so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right right right right right right right right right right right down the um like you know I mean you know you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm. Just okay you know um well uh um uh okay you know so shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a phenom. Okay so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like okay so so um well. I'm not about to give her her her her her her her her her her her up for a pack of pens in a like like you know so so so so so so so so so so so um like like okay you know like book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili chili chili chili chili chili chili chili chili chili chili dog will be a great fit in the halls I mean uh um like you you you you you you you you you you you know like okay you know you know you know of our school and coming to to to to to to to to to to to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.