I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that that that that that that that that that that that uh uh so uh well you know um so so like real quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like well well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean okay well like okay I mean so you that much yet. Yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always um I mean um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so uh uh okay you know you always had live. What's up, everybody? everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Welcome back to couple things with Sean and I mean like um okay you you you you you you you you you you you know okay um like um um Andrew had cast all about couples couples couples couples couples couples couples couples couples couples couples and the things they go through we are excited for like like so well um um um um um um um um um um um okay um well um well today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for for for for for for for for for for for people to clarify I mean uh uh well okay so um okay um like what what what what what what what what what what what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview we interview we interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview we interview we interview we interview we interview we interview we interview we interview we interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview what Their Love Languages So I mean uh so well like um so like like like like like like like like like like like well um today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and like so so so so so so so so so so so um okay like like um like well um why we think they're important. But before we we we we we we we we we we we get into it, if you guys so so like okay well uh um okay uh um wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're okay you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so you know like you know okay well you know listening that that that that that that that that that that that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh well so so well you know like the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.