I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw I saw I saw I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties ties ties ties ties ties ties ties ties ties ties really show at Blackboard McKees rocks. Well you know um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh well. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I I I I I I I I I I I saw him do a so you know I mean like so um well um you know know know know know know know know know know know you know feature on a cutting ties song. He's the he's the he's the he's the the the the the the the the the the the he's the he's the he's the he's the he's the he's the he's the the the the the the the the the the the best frontman. He was so good like yeah well I mean well I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean so um uh a very energetic and his voice like like like like like like like like like like like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices so well like I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so you know okay just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence presence presence presence presence presence presence presence presence presence presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's you know uh well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well um okay I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just just just just just just just just just just just always like so I mean so like well okay well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh people you may know and then I see him and it's like him him him him him him him him him him him singing while um okay I mean uh you know so so I mean so so he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I I I I I I I I I I I think well you know um so well well you know uh uh so yeah, they're at at at at at at at at at at at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin okay like well so so so so so so so so so so so um you know like well you know so a coat on and like the the the the the the the the the the the first note of the first song He's already got the well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well well okay I mean uh so so mic out of the mics and it it it it it it it it it it it has got the mic stand up here. Just um just um just um um um um um um um um um um um just um just um just um just um just um just um just um just just just just just just just just just just just um okay like um you know well like like um well good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.