Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the the the the the the the the the the the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor of Elevation Church in this well uh well uh um like you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us today. Hope this hope this hope this hope this hope this hope this hope this this this this this this this this this this this hope this hope this hope this hope this uh okay uh um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know I mean well inspires you hope it builds your faith. Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope it gives you perspective to see God so okay well um well um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh uh is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful that you're here today I mean so um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean I mean I mean and I am going to go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean well so you know uh 19 verses today. So go ahead and and and and and and and and and and and sit down and we'll take I mean okay uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay so I mean you know it slow. God bless you. My scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter well so okay I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so so 11. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did did did did did did did did did did did it last night. Um like you know I mean I mean I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay okay. The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.