If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by by by by by by by by by by by I mean okay so I mean so well you know uh you know so surprise when when when when when when when when when when when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always I I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know like well so like um so okay thought that was like like like like like like like like like like like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. Well well I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay I mean um uh like uh. We pull we we we we we we we we we we we pull we pull we pull we pull we pull we pull we pull we we we we we we we we we we we pull we pull we pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude. I'm in Mac okay um so uh uh like um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well uh side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was was was was was was was was was was was like, oh, no, would I mean you know like um you know well well well well well well well well well well well well uh um you know you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls amount of times. I mean okay um well well um well you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I I I I I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay I okay well like I mean okay like you know know know know know know know know know know know well I mean well didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was was was was was was was was was was was french fries. They are serving like I mean like uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know like um you know like friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I I I I I I I I I I I don't appreciate what you're doing so I mean you know like like okay um um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know you know to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very it's very very very very very very very very very very very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very very very very very very very very very very very it's very it's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.