Hello everyone. Its rose its rose its rose its rose its rose its rose rose rose rose rose rose rose rose rose rose rose its rose its rose its rose its rose its rose gold the creator of the the the the the the the the the the the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here I mean you know uh well I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well like to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the okay um like okay I mean okay you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation tools um uh um I mean uh um um okay um okay that that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um uh like so okay or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on like you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so um like so uh okay um Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more more more more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know know um I mean you know um I mean um okay minimum listenership. It's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the the the the the the the the the the the like okay you know um okay like uh okay um I mean free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.