Don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't read don't read don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares declares declares declares declares declares declares declares declares declares declares some 91 over I mean um you know like uh uh okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God God God God God God God God God God God plead the blood of um like okay like you know well um um you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even even even even even even even even even even even come close. You know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know like well well well well well well well well well well well well you know um you know um you know okay. The fault so don't meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean okay you know well well like like hear this more people are are are are are are are are are are are dying now and this was happening is coming close uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like you know you know I mean uh some of already coming to to to to to to to to to to to India. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know whether it's going to come come come come come come come come come come come to Hyderabad well okay uh you know okay um so uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad like so so so so so so so so so so so okay well you know uh so like okay like right? There is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there there is there is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.