Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real um so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know you know uh you know okay um uh stories from modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day disciples. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth minister at so uh well I mean okay okay so like well so st. St st st st st st st st st st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana fuentes. Okay you you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know like well uh I mean well. I'm the I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead lead. Happy lance. Uh like well like well you know um you know like like. Like like like like like like like like like like. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode for so uh so okay so like so uh so you know you today. It's very special. Special special special special special special special special special special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a you know well I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like so um you know you know okay week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for uh you know uh um I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay you know well okay sure. Butts were in our Lenten Lenten Lenten Lenten Lenten Lenten Lenten Lenten Lenten Lenten Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten you know uh like uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay um edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so so so so so so so so so so so we unfortunately don't like uh well okay well like like um well uh have a guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well you know like um okay you know you know um going to do do do do do do do do do do do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on on on on on on on on on on on so well I mean so uh I mean okay like so uh a podcast and and and and and and and and and and and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode like um um okay well well okay well okay uh of you're really fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.