Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and and and and and and and and and and and you know um like you know um so I mean well you know well show show show show show show show show show show show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli well well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh so um I mean so well uh and Welcome to to to to to to to to to to to our podcast. So this is the first episode. So like uh like you know know know know know know know know know know know I mean so okay uh um. We're trying to get it started the podcast came came came came came came came came came came came about with just an idea um well um I mean you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um well one night and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a a a a a a a a a a a shot you know um um I mean so uh okay well so so so so so so so so so so so okay and now here we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay so well um okay uh like I mean normally do do do do do do do do do do do every weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people um you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um well well like uh um you know outside of our group group group group group group group group group group group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community uh uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean you know like uh okay uh huge shout out out out out out out out out out out out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. Well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know like okay like so okay um I mean. We're basically famous. Famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey well okay um um um um um um um um um um um like like well okay so well well and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.