Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for for for for for for for for for for for your day. This okay well okay I mean well well okay so so well well well well well well well well well well well is Dunedin. I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want I want to thank you all so so so so so so so so so so so much for joining me on the um I mean like you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean well um call. Whenever you find time that we can can can can can can can can can can can come together and pray this one like I mean uh you know um you you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean like you know on this morning. I'm just going to to to to to to to to to to to pray for your week. I'm just going you know okay well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh um uh I mean to pray for you on this morning and and and and and and and and and and and leave my South out of it um okay okay I mean um uh well you you you you you you you you you you you know uh um I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Me me me me me me me me me me. Normally. I don't stay you know so um like uh okay like well you know know know know know know know know know know know okay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but but but but but but but but but but but I uh you know I mean I mean I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer call before I went back to bed. So well so I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like I mean uh. So today so today so today so today so today today today today today today today today today today today so today so today so today so today so today so today I'm going to pray for for for for for for for for for for for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.