This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean you know uh like um uh like I mean from the the the the the the the the the the the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're so so so so so so so so so so so like well you know so I mean uh well I mean like doing good Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you like you like you you you you you you you you you you you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you like you you you you you you you you you you you said okay uh um uh you know I mean you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but but but but but but but but but but but what's well so so so okay like um uh like um the best part about this? this this this this this this this this this this Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual name well well so like like like like like like like like like like like so um um okay like I mean is and Hint it might not be. Be be be be be be be be be be. Mr. Devon. He's having he's having he's having he's having he's having he's having he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's having he's having he's having he's having he's having his location just you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so you know um well okay uh uh a block away for for for for for for for for for for for over four years going it to the University of st. Thomas and well you know know know know know know know know know know know you know like I mean you know I mean like well I mean then then then then then then then then then then then having them on our show. I feel I feel I feel I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.