Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I really actually want you um uh you know okay you know uh uh I I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and and and and and and and and and and and podcast form. So please I mean okay um like uh you know well like like like like like like like like like like like like you know hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag garyvee podcast with the like you know uh um you know like well well like like like like like like like like like like like uh W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly b7. B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7. Please well okay okay well I mean okay you know like uh I mean hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know well I mean um well I mean well Vlog and and and and and and and and and and and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. Uh so I I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean like like uh well you know. He's then please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's episode is you know know know know know know know know know know know so uh so um uh I mean so um okay from a recent phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks about ageism so well you know so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like I mean you know you know and how he believes that that that that that that that that that that that Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes. So make like okay I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like like uh like I mean I mean sure to hit them up up up up up up up up up up up and let us know what you thought with a review well uh you know like I I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay well well uh and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on on on on on on on on on on on is about his son um well uh okay well uh you know I mean okay okay in in in in in in in in in in in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.