Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be be be be be be be be uh like okay um um like um okay like I mean hood forever. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere like so so so so so so so so so so so well uh like uh okay um like like get a love me everywhere. I I I I I I I I I I I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome okay okay okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so you know like okay back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty you know well so well you know you you you you you you you you you you you know uh like you know uh cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you sheriff. Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I mean uh you know I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh I mean I would almost consider this like kind of the the the the the the the the the the the one of the the first like not I mean so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so uh so uh real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual key Concepts and other like well you know um uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean so things going to talk about besides just you know know know know know know know know know know know overarching principle. So I mean we'll okay well um like you know well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference difference difference difference difference difference difference difference difference difference difference between well well uh um uh well um uh well I mean a goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean you know you you you you you you you you you you you know so um uh I mean okay you know okay like by that? We obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know like so um uh um like what are you talking about? So I'll break break break break break break break break break break break it down real quick and basically I mean uh um so you know you know know know know know know know know know know know okay so I mean you know what me and sheriff came up with one more more more more more more more more more more more thing about what we came up with what um uh you know you know well I I I I I I I I I I I mean so so okay like we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.