Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global global global global global global global global global global global well like uh I mean uh um so I mean uh so celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star star star star star star star star star star star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so so okay well well like um uh American film and television Studio. They are are are are are are are are are are are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe you know well I mean so okay uh you you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well okay movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming you back to celebrity you know you know uh okay um so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be be be be be be be be be be be talking about um so so so like uh like okay so you know today's topic. Topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a um okay you know know know know know know know know know know know well uh well so I mean uh uh trip to the movie theater to watch the the the the the the the the the the the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was well so okay well um like you know so so so so so so so so so so so well you know currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I I I I I I I I I I I wasn't expecting uh well so okay like I mean you know so um um um um um um um um um um um um my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush well I mean uh like so um so so okay like on on on on on on on on on on on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean um so uh uh okay I mean okay older than me back back back back back back back back back back back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.